  
  The Meadows
  
  Benevolent Bee Queendom
    Hive resides in the Tree of Bee, an old and sacred Plum Tree that stands tall in the center of the meadows.
    Ruled by Beeavalon, Queen of the Honeybees.
    The hive is constructed by the Honeybees, who claim dominion over the Meadows.
    Within the Hive and the Tree, many species of Bee live together in harmony, sharing in the bounty of the Meadows.
      Honey Bees
        Honey traps.
      Bumble Bees
        Something with pollen. Probably healing. (Plant)
      Fireglass Bees
        Swarming Heat
      Stormshore Bees
        Swarming Shock
  
  The warring Colonies of distant Ant Empires
    Extractionist.
    Territorial.
    Respect the rules of engagement set forth by the Queen Bee:
      The Ants can live, excavate, and forage in the Meadows
      The Ants can war against other Ants
      The Ants can enforce their territory against outsiders, but must provide warning before attacking.
      The Ants shall not harm the Flowers of the Florest or the Tree of Bee.
      When attacking, must announce one day in advance to allow evacuation.
    Colonies:
      Carpenter Ants in various logs and stumps across the Meadows.
      Winter Ants (Ants with Chill)
      Fire Ants (Ants with Heat), don't give a damn about Queen Beeavalon's conditions. They keep pushing the limits of what they can get away with.
  
  Invasive Hornet Hordes
    Wherever a nest pops up, destruction lies in its wake.
    Plants die off from overharvesting of nectar.
    Insects are captured and killed to feed the young.
  
  Mastercraft Termite Cathedrals
    Towering structures
    A quest to bring the earth up to the heavens.
    The Alates have ambitions to become greater then the Queen Bee, but do not challenge her outright.
  
  Brutal Beetle Arenas
    The Beetles of the Arenas grow up in a fight for resources and survival.
    The greatest and grandest of Beetles, the Titans, rule unchallenged, for none can stand against them.
    The Beetle Titans represent the largest and the strongest bugs in the Meadows.
    Their influence keeps the Arenas from having to worry about the Ant Colonies
  
  Serene and Surreal Spider Communes
    Just as their webs trap bugs, even mid-flight, so too do their minds trap ideas to contemplate and consider.
    The Termites use their glorious labors to boast their place in the world.
    Spiders contemplate the place OF the world.
    Insects who enter may achieve enlightenment... if they survive to leave.
  
  Secretive Scorpion Burrows
    The Scorpions are spoken of in hushed whispers throughout the meadows.
    They are spectacular and efficient ambush hunters.
    They move through the meadows, not staying in one place for long.
    That means they could show up anywhere.
  
  Wandering Migrations
    Moths & Butterflies
    Dragonflies
    Grasshoppers and Locusts
    
  The Florest
  
  The Berrydells
    Blueberries
    Mulberries
    Cranberries
    Raspberries
    Strawberries
    Huckleberries
    Elderberries
    Serviceberries
    Ground-cherries
    
  The Vast Blue
  
  The Thicket