1.0.0.0 Overview

  Nests & Insects is a tabletop Roleplaying Game (TTRPG) for 2 to 7 players. One Player assumes the role of the Game Queen and describes the game world to the other players. The other players control Characters who explore and interact with the game world.

  1.1.0.0 The Setting
  
    Players' Characters are arthropods. Six pre-built Classes are provided in this document: Spider, Wasp, Scorpion, Ladybug, Betle, and Ants. The Characters are mercenaries; assassins and thugs, hired to invade a Nest and carry out a Job on behalf of some arthropod client. Nests are the homes of eusocial Insects: the nests of Bees, Ants, and Termites. Common Jobs are to assassinate the Nest's Royalty; steal special food resources; steal or kill larvae; or retrieve an arthropod of interest.
    
    At the beginning of a new Job, the players' Characters enter a Nest armed with their natural weapons and armor. During a Job, Characters must survive combat with the soldier castes guarding the Nests. They must also hunt or forage for food to avoid starving to death. While foraging, Characters may find food items, such as nectar and fungi, that can provide not only sustenance, but also healing and mutations.
    
  1.2.0.0
  
    Nests & Insects is a Roguelike TTRPG. It is inspired by computer roleplaying games of the Roguelike genre, like Nethack, Angband, Moria, Ancient Domains of Mystery, and later games like Diablo and Darkest Dungeon. Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis is also inspired by Pokemon Mystery Dungeon, Dungeons & Dragons, and the World of Darkness.
    
    Nests & Insects is designed to be played with little preparation other than reading some of the rules. At the start of a new game, players either choose from among pre-built Classes or takes steps to craft their own Character. The Game Queen (GQ) then Rolls to generate the first Room in the entrance to the first Level of the Nest, and the Characters enter. After visiting a Room and defeating its challenges, Characters get a chance to rest and recoup their strength, as well as use their Metamorphosis Points to gain new and powerful Attacks. The Job ends when the Characters fulfill its terms, surrender to the Nest, run away, or die.
    
    This book provides rules to procedurally generate Nests, as well as guidance for crafting Nests of your own design.
    
  1.3.0.0 The System

    Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis uses a dice pool system to decide the outcome of Characters' actions. Characters have Attributes rated from 0 to 10. Whenever the players take an action, the Game Queen declares the Effort and Resistance of the Roll. The Player consults their Effort Rating, then Rolls that many d6. The number of dice that come up as a "4", "5", or a "6" are counted as Successes. The GQ Rolls Resistance and subtracts her successes from the Player's Successes to obtain the Net Successes. If the Net Successes are greater than zero, the Roll succeeds. If there are zero or negative Net Successes, the Roll fails. In some cases, such as an Enemy Attack, the GQ Rolls Effort and the Player Rolls Resistance.
    
    The GQ may decide that the degree of success matters to determine the outcome of the Roll. This represents situations where the effectiveness of an action can be measured in more detail than a simple pass/fail.  In these cases, it can help to categorize the Degree of Success (DoS). There are six stages of DoS: Critical Failure, Total Failure, Partial Failure, Partial Success, Total Success, and Critical Success. Table 1 shows how the Net Successes of a Roll translates into the DoS of the result.
    
    ║ Net Successes    Degree of Success  Does it Work? ║
    ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────── ║
    ║ +5 or more       Critical Success   Yes, and...   ║
    ║ +3, +4           Total Success      Yes           ║
    ║ +1, +2           Partial Success    Yes, but...   ║
    ║ -1, 0            Partial Failure    No, but...    ║
    ║ -2, -3           Total Failure      No            ║
    ║ -4 or less       Critical Failure   No and...     ║
    ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────── ║
    ║ Table 1: Degrees of Success.                      ║
    
    In some cases, the number of Net Successes can directly be used to determine the outcome. When a Character makes a successful Attack, the Net Successes determine the Wounds bestowed on the targets.

    1.3.1.0 Modifiers
      
      The dice pool for an Action is usually standard. Attacks use an Attribute + Threat Rate, for example. Circumstances and strategic decisions by the players can result in one or more modifiers being applied to a Roll.
      
      Positive Modifiers add extra dice to the Character's dice pool. They increase the odds of the Player doing well, and can bring them to surpass what they would otherwise be capable of, possibly turning an overwhelming obstacle into an achievable feat.
      
      Negative modifiers remove dice from the Character's dice pool. Negative Modifiers represent conditions that reduce the effectiveness of the Character's actions, possibly turning an easy task into a real challenge. If a Character has enough negative modifiers, they may end up not Rolling any dice at all!
      
      When a Character receives both a Positive and a Negative Modifier to the same Roll, they are applied in order. First the Character adds any Positive Modifier dice to their dice pool, and then removes the number of dice dictated by any Negative Modifiers.
    
    1.3.2.0 Describing Results
    
      What the DoS of an action means depends on a Player's description of her Character's Intent. Once the final DoS of an action is known, the GQ describes what happens as a result of the action, taking into account the Character's Intent and the DoS. The better the DoS, the closer the result of an action comes to fully satisfying the Character's Intent.
      
      Table 1 includes a guideline for how to describe different degrees of success.
      
      On a Critical Success, the Character achieves their objective as well as an additional reward that they were not trying to achieve. On a Total Success, the Character is able to pull off exactly what they were trying to do. On a Partial Success, they manage to succeed, but there is an unintended consequence.
      
      On a Partial Failure, the Character does not succeed, but there is an unintended boon that they have earned that keeps things moving forward. On a Total Failure, the player suffers the obvious consequences of failing their action. On a Critical Failure, the Character suffers the obvious consequences, in addition to an unexpected consequence that makes the situation more trying.
      
    1.3.3.0 Quantification of Results.

      Some Actions require Quantification of their results to see how great or how wicked their outcomes are. Some outcomes require a Quantification Roll, where the GQ or the Player Rolls a number of d6 based on an Attribute rating and counts the successes. Others use set numbers. Finally, some outcomes simply use the number of Net Successes from the original Action's Roll.

    1.3.4.0 Minigames
    
      The dice pool rules outlined in the previous sections suffice to resolve most actions a Character may take. To add more variety, and more detail, to the basic rules, Nests & Insects defines a number of "minigames".
      
      Minigames are special sets of rules for situations that are of special interest to a game. There are four minigames in Nests & Insects: Combat, Survival & Exploration; Hunting & Foraging; and Resting & Healing.
      
      Minigames are described in detail in the Chapter 3.
  
2.0.0.0 Characters

  In Nests & Insects, players each control a Character: an arthropod mercenary on a Job to infiltrate a Nest. Players control their Characters by describing their Character's actions, then the players Roll the dice to find out what happens. The Game Queen (GQ) rests the dice and determines the outcome of the Character's actions.
  
  Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis provides rules for players to create their own bugs of death. Players may also choose a Character from one of six classes: Ants, Beetle, Ladybug, Scorpion, Spider, and Wasp.
  
  The following sections describe the Nests & Insects Characters, their classes, their Features, and the Character sheets that record their Features.
  
  2.1.0.0 Character Selection
  
    To begin playing the game, players can select one of the six Character classes. The class determines the Character's starting Features.
    
    If the players and the GQ prefer, a blank sheet is provided for creating custom starting Characters. Rules for Character creation can be found later in this Chapter.
    
  2.2.0.0 Character Death
  
    When a Character dies, the Player is free to select or create a new Character.
    
    The new Character begins in the same Room of the Nest as the other players' Characters.
    
    The new Character can start as the same class as the old Character, even if it was a custom class.
    
    2.2.1.0 The Cost of Death
    
      The only mechanical consequence of Character death is that a Player must start with a fresh Character, with base stats, without MP, and without any Items (though some of the Items in a dead Character's Inventory may remain on the floor of the Nest).
      
      If playing a custom class, it can be helpful to keep a record of what your Character looked like at creation if you intend to come back as the same class upon death.
    
  2.3.0.0 Character Sheet
  
    In Nests & Insects, Characters are described by Features rated 0-10, listed in a Character sheet specific to that Character.
    
    The Character Sheet is broken down into several sections:
    
    * Character Name
    
    * Core Attributes
    
    * Special Attributes
    
    * Advanced Attributes
    
    * Common Attributes
    
    * Effects
    
    * Disposition Track
    
    * Combat Attributes
    
    * Survival Attributes
    
    * Attacks
    
    * Inventory
    
    2.3.1.0 Character Name
    
      The first area in a Character sheet lists the name of a Character's Class.
      
    2.3.2.0 Core Attributes Area
    
      Under the Character Name is the Core Attributes Area. Core Attributes are Features that represent innate abilities of Characters in a Class. Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis Characters have four Core Attributes:
            
      ║ Core Attribute  Description                                                               ║
      ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────   ║
      ║ Speed    (SPE)  How fast the Character can move; Dexterity, precision, fine manipulation. ║
      ║ Strength (STR)  Physical strength and toughness; Push, pull, break, and endure harm.      ║
      ║ Ken      (KEN)  Wisdom and Logic; reasoning and knowledge of the world.                   ║
      ║ Passions (PAS)  Willpower, morale, strength of spirit, courage, and influence             ║
      ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────   ║

    2.3.3.0 Special Attributes Box
    
      The Special Attributes box lists Attributes that are particular to a Species. Nests & Insects classes model individuals of a species, hence each Character class has its own Special Attributes ratings.
      
      There are five Special Attributes that Character classes can have at creation/selection: Carapace, Flight, Swarming, Venom, or Web. These are briefly described below.
      
      * Carapace: the Character has a hardened carapace that protects her in combat. Beetle has Carapace.
      
      * Flight: the Character can fly. Flight Characters are harder to hit in Combat by ranged Attackers. Wasp has Flight.
      
      * Swarming: the Character is a swarm of individual Insects, or can summon conspecifics to assist her. In Combat, a Character with Swarming loses individuals from the Swarm before taking Wounds. Ants have Swarming.
      
      * Venom: the Character has a venomous bite or sting that can bestow Effects such as Immobile, Paralysed, or Poisoned to enemies. Scorpion has Venom.
      
      * Web: The Character can weave webs. Webs can be used to set traps, bind enemies, or secure an area. Spider has Web.
      
      SECTION describes the Special Attributes in more detail.
      
    2.3.4.0 Advanced Attributes Box
    
      The Advanced Attributes box lists Attributes that stretch the limits of what it means to be an Insect. Real-world insects and animals exhibit a number of seemingly fantastical adaptations and behaviors, like bioluminescence and the ability to generate significant electric potentials and currents. Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis takes these attributes to extremes in ways that feel right at home within fantasy.
      
      There are eight Advanced Attributes, described briefly below, and in more detail in SECTION.
      
      * Chill: The absence of heat. Makes chitin brittle.
      
      * Heat: The ability to create high temperatures. Can Ignite opponents.
      
      * Hydro: Control over Water and other fluids. Includes vast fluid reserves.
      
      * Light: Bioluminescence, cranked up to 11. Fireflies with laser beams.
      
      * Plant: Control and affinity for plants and fungi.
      
      * Psycho: Powers of the mind. Telekinesis, Telepathy, even mind control.
      
      * Static: The fundamental force of Electricity. Short circuit your foes' aim.
      
      * Vibe: Fine control over powerful waves of sound.
      
    2.3.5.0 Common Attributes Box
      
      The Common Attributes box lists Attributes common to all Character classes. TABLE briefly describes Common Attributes and their use. SECTION describes the Common Attributes in more detail.
      
      ║ Common Attributes  Description                                                 ║
      ║ ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── ║
      ║ Construction       Make traps, secure a Room for Resting and Healing           ║
      ║ Eusociology        Knowledge of the ways of Nests and their inhabitants        ║
      ║ Exploration        Search a Room, or scout ahead to unvisited Rooms            ║
      ║ Foraging           Search for sustenance, or Food Items with special abilities ║
      ║ Healing            Remove Wounds or detrimental Effects                        ║
      ║ Hunting            Hunt prey for sustenance or other uses                      ║
      ║ Leadership         Support allies and improve their Disposition in Combat      ║
      ║ Perception         Find secrets and hidden items and Rooms                     ║
      ║ Signalling         Display aposematic markings, emit pheromonic signals        ║
      ║ Sneaking           Move and act with stealth                                   ║
      ║ ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── ║
    
    2.3.6.0 Effects Box
    
      The Effects Box lists ten Effects that a Character can be subject to. Effects are generally detrimental conditions that can affect a Character as a result of Attacks in Combat, and other minigames. The twelve Effects in the Effect Box are listed below with a brief description of each.

      ║ Effect     The Character...                                                         ║
      ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────              ║
      ║ Bleeding   ...automatically takes a Wound each Combat Turn                          ║
      ║ Blinded    ...has their senses disrupted. Difficulty with sight, hearing, smell...  ║
      ║ Brittle    ...has their reflexes and chitin weakened...                             ║
      ║ Burns      ...this bug is on fiyah...                                               ║
      ║ Charmed    ...will not Attack, but may take other Actions.                          ║
      ║ Confused   ...will only Attack and Move, will not take other actions.               ║
      ║ Immobile   ...movement, Speed, and Flight restricted.                               ║
      ║ Infected   ...acquires a random Effect each Turn this Effect Applies                ║
      ║ Paralysed  ...cannot take any Actions except to Resist                              ║
      ║ Poisoned   ...has a negative modifier equal to Poisoned to all Actions              ║
      ║ Shocks     ...has Shocks as a negative modifier to all Close and Ranged Attacks     ║
      ║ Stunned    ...loses her next Turn in Combat                                         ║
      ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────              ║

    2.3.7.0 Disposition Track
    
      The Disposition Track follows a Character's Disposition, a representation of both turn order and morale in Combat. The Disposition Track includes reminder text to point out the direction in which Disposition Advances (increases) or Recoils (decreases) in Combat. Disposition is better the further it moves towards "Charging".
      
      In Combat, Disposition acts as a positive or negative modifier on all Effort Rolls. At "Retreating", a Character is running away from combat and cannot take Actions other than Move. At "Charging", all of a Character's Actions receive one automatic success.

    2.3.8.0 Combat Attributes Box
    
      The Combat box lists a Character's Initiative, Threat Rate, Survival Rate and Wounds. This is also where a Character with Swarming will keep track of their Swarms.
      
      * Initiative: Used to determine a Character's turn placement in Combat, as well as determine initial disposition when Combat begins.
      
      * Threat Rate: An attribute used in the Effort for most Attacks.
      
      * Survival Rate: Used in the Resistance for most Attacks.
      
      * Max Wounds: The maximum number of wounds a Character can take before death.
      
      * Wounds: The current number of wounds a Character has received.
      
      * Swarms: Characters with the Swarming ability lose Swarms before taking Wounds. The maximum number of Swarms a Character can have is equal to their Swarming rating.
     
    2.3.9.0 Survival Attributes
        
      2.3.9.1 Hunger Track
        
        The Hunger track lists the Character's Hunger rating. A Character is Starving when her Hunger rating reaches 10. While Starving, a Character reduces the outcome of all her Actions by 2 successes. If a Character receives more Hunger while Starving, she Dies.
        
        ║                              ║
        ║ ┌[Food]───────────────────┐  ║
        ║ │ ○ Hunger...........[_0] │  ║
        ║ └<^Starving>──────────────┘  ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────  ║
      
      2.3.9.2 Metamorphosis Point (MP) Track
        
        Certain events in the course of exploring a Nest grant the Characters MP. During Resting & Healing (SECTION), Characters can spend MP to increase their Attributes.
   
   2.3.10.0 Attack Boxes
      
      The Attack boxes list the details of a Character's four Attacks. Each Character Class starts with its own set of Attacks. As their Features improve, Characters can learn new and stronger Attacks. The attributes of an Attack are briefly described below.
      
      * Name: The name of the Attack.
      
      * Description: Details the Effort, Resistance, and additional effects of the Attack.
      
   2.3.11.0 Inventory
      
      The Inventory Box lists a Character's possessions such as Food items, slaved Prey, and other items.
      
      Each line in the Inventory box has a "Depleted" tickbox that indicates whether the item has been depleted as a result of its use.
      
      Characters can only carry as many Items as there are lines in the Inventory box: that is 5 lines for 5 items.
        
  2.4.0.0 Character Classes
  
    2.4.1.0 Ants
      
      Clever little Ants swarm together to take on threats greater than themselves. Swarmlings take hits while the collective survives. And the Ants wouldn't get anywhere without their leader's Passions. If you want to play a supporting tank that can take hits, the Ants are right for you.
    
    2.4.2.0 Beetle
      
      Beetles are larger than most other denizens of the Meadows. The Beetle is strong, raised in a culture of sparring to constantly improve. The Beetle is not just a dumb brute, however: a life of fighting has imparted wisdom and cunning. Their Carapace means that they can shrug off hits that would cripple other Bugs. If you want to play a tank that can shrug off damage and dish out plenty of its own, the Beetle is right for you.
    
    2.4.4.0 Scorpion
      
      The Scorpion is a wandering hunter through the Meadows, ambushing prey and standing up against larger foes with the threat of their Venomous stinger. The Scorpion is a skilled commander on the battlefield, bringing out the best of their Bugs and being able to intimidate down enemies as they lead the charge.
    
    2.4.5.0 Spider
    
      Web
      KEN
      SPE
    
    2.4.6.0 Wasp
      
      Flight
      SPE
      PAS
    
  2.5.0.0 Character Creation
  
    2.5.1.0 Selecting Species
      
      Your arthropod merc can be any kind of bug an entomologist can list, or even some they can't! Choose a real-world arthropod to base your Character on, or come up with a new, strange form of bug all your own!
      
    2.5.2.0 Diet
      
      Insects have a variety of diets. Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis simplifies these diets into three classes: Herbivore, Insectivore, and Omnivore. These determine what kinds of food items an Insect can Consume. Herbivores can only Consume plant-based foods, such as nectar or honey, while Insectivores can only Consume pieces of other bugs. Omnivores are able to mix their diet between Herbivore and Insectivore options.
      
      _Selecting Diet_ If your Character is based on a real-world Insect, feel free to research its diet and classify it using the real-world species. Otherwise, choose Herbivore, Insectivore, or Omnivore, and consult with your GQ if the diet makes sense for your Character.
    
    2.5.3.0 Assigning Core Attributes
    
      Characters start the game with all of the Core Attributes. Players assign the following ratings to their Core Attributes as they choose: 4, 3, 2, 1.
      
      See Section 2.6.1.0 for more details on Core Attributes.
    
    2.5.4.0 Selecting Special Attributes
    
      Characters start with one or two Special Attributes, choosing from the following list:
      
      * Carapace
      
      * Flight
      
      * Swarming
      
      * Venom
      
      * Web
      
      The Player chooses one Special Attribute from the list above and sets its rating to 3.
      
      See Section 2.6.4.0 for more details on Special Attributes.
      
    2.5.5.0 Assigning Common Attributes
    
      The Player chooses seven Common Attributes and assigns the following ratings among them as they choose: 4, 3, 3, 2, 2, 1, 1.
      
      See Section 2.6.3.0 for more details on Common Attributes.
    
    2.5.6.0 Assigning Combat Conditions
    
      Each Character starts with a rating of 1 in Initiative, Threat Rate, and Survival Rate. See Section 2.6.2.0 for more details on Combat Attributes.
      
    2.5.7.0 Selecting Attacks
    
      Characters can know up to four Attacks. Many Attacks have a minimum Rating in one or more Attributes that a Character must have to qualify for the Attack. The Player looks at the list of Attacks (SECTION) and selects up to four Attacks for which her Character qualifies.
    
    2.5.8.0 Starting Inventory
    
      Each Character starts with a Rating-4 food item in their inventory that matches their diet. This starting food has no special properties, other than being delicious!
    
  2.6.0.0 Character Features
  
    2.6.1.0 Core Attributes
    
      2.6.1.1 Speed
      
        Speed represents how fast a Character moves. This encapsulates moving across a distance as well as agility and maneuverability. Many Attacks will ask the Defender to make a Roll using Speed in order to move out of the way. Another common use for Speed is the Initiative Attribute.
        
        _Hex Grids_ If using gridded maps in Combat, Speed determines how many Hexes a Character can move when they take the Move Action.
      
      2.6.1.2 Strength
      
        Strength represents the ability of the Character to exert force on their surroundings. Strength is used in the Construction Roll to break down an Obstacle. Strength is the basis for many Attacks that are about physically moving other Characters. Any time a Character tries to lift or move something heavy, they will probably have to make a Strength Roll.

      2.6.1.3 Ken
      
        Ken represents a Character's quick-thinking, collection of knowledge, and situational awareness. When a Player wants to know if their Character can know some information or solve a puzzle, the GQ may ask them to make some kind of Ken Roll. Ken is also used in Combat to Confuse enemies with quick thinking and fancy words.
      
      2.6.1.4 Passions
      
        Passions is the unbridled fury of a bug against the world. Passions is the strength of a leader, or the aggression of a warrior. Passions is all about enforcing the Character's will on others. In Combat, Passions is used to Charm or Intimidate enemies.
      
    2.6.2.0 Combat Attributes
      
      Combat relies on four Attributes: Initiative, Threat Rate, Survival Rate, and Wounds. The Character Sheet also provides a place to keep track of Swarms.
    
      2.6.2.1 Initiative
      
        Initiative dictates how quick a Character is to act, and their readiness to do so. When Combat begins, each Character Rolls their Initiative to determine their starting Disposition, which can determine the outcome of battle. The Initiative Rating then determines the order of Initiative, followed by Disposition.
      
      2.6.2.2 Threat Rate
      
        Threat Rate is the fighting instinct of an Insect. It is used as part of the Effort for most Attacks.
      
      2.6.2.3 Survival Rate
      
        Survival Rate is the combined might of an Insects reflexes and defenses. It is used as part of the Resistance for most Attacks.
      
      2.6.2.4 Wounds
      
        Wounds mark how close an Insect is to DEATH. Each Character has a Max Wounds Rating. When her Wounds reaches her Max Wounds, she DIES. There is no penalty for having Wounds, other than being closer to DEATH.
      
      2.6.2.5 Swarms
      
        Swarming Characters have Swarms. The maximum Swarms a Character can have at any time is equal to her Swarming Rating. See the note in Section 2.6.4.4 for more information on Swarms.
    
    2.6.3.0 Common Attributes
    
      Common Attributes represent aspects that are relatively common among Insects. 
    
      2.6.3.1 Construction
      
        Construction represents an Insect's ability to create barriers in their surroundings, and to knock them down in turn. Construction is used to destroy Obstacles during Survival & Exploration, as well as to Secure Rooms during Resting & Healing. During Combat, Characters may use Construction as part of manoeuvers to create shields, pits, or other obstructions to their Enemies.
      
      2.6.3.2 Eusociology
      
        Eusociology is an Insect's knowledge of eusociety. This includes Bees, Wasps, Hornets, Ants, and Termites. This can be used to glean insight into the workings of a eucocial Insect's mind, or know things about a Nest. In Combat, Eusociology can be used to Confuse enemies with cunning application of what you know.
      
      2.6.3.3 Exploration
      
        Exploration is the drive for food and everything good in the world. It represents an instinct to avoid danger and seek bounty. Exploration's main use is in Survival & Exploration, where an Exploration Roll determines the Costs, Risks, and Rewards found along the way.
      
      2.6.3.4 Foraging
      
        Foraging is an Insect's knowledge and instincts for harvesting edible plant and fungus parts. It can be used to Identify unknown Herbivore Food Items, and is also used in Hunting & Foraging to gather such Items.
      
      2.6.3.5 Healing
      
        Healing is an Insect's medical knowledge. In the "Real World", Insects have a difficult time recovering from many injuries. In Nests & Insects, the bugs know how to apply patches and salves to cover up wounds and keep their insides inside. During the Resting & Healing minigame, a Character can Roll Healing to reduce her Wounds or another Insect's Wounds.
      
      2.6.3.6 Hunting
      
        Hunting is an Insect's knowledge of prey and instincts for hunting them down. It can be used to Identify unknown Insectivore Food Items, and is also used in Hunting & Foraging to gather such items. At the GQ's discretion, Hunting may be used in place of Eusociology for certain Rolls.
      
      2.6.3.7 Leadership
      
        Leadership. A single implacable quality that defines a personality that Insects can Rally behind. Leadership is used to Rally allies in Combat to improve their Disposition, but it can also be used to try and persuade Insects that you are their friend, through the Charmed Effect. Powerful Leadership can keep the whole Team Charging and Enemies in awe of your cause.
      
      2.6.3.8 Perception
      
        Perception is a collection of all of an Insect's senses. Sight, smell, hearing, pheromone reception, electrosensitivity, all are covered by Perception. The most common use for Perception is to spot Sneaking Insects, but it can also be used to temporarily negate the effects of Darkness or point out an Enemy's weak spots.
      
      2.6.3.9 Signaling
      
        Signaling is an Insect's communication with the world around her. It covers sending secret pheromone messages to allies, as well as intimidating displays of color and aposematism. In Combat, Signaling is used to Intimidate enemies to reduce their Disposition. It can also be used to communicate secret tactics without the knowledge of the Enemy.
      
      2.6.3.10 Sneaking
      
        Sneaking is the age-old art of not being noticed. It can be used to escape overwhelming threats, or to get the jump on unsuspecting prey. Sneaking can be used to circumnavigate an Encounter. In such an Encounter, it can also be used to give Positive Modifiers to your Attacks, or Negative Modifiers to your Attackers.
      
    2.6.4.0 Special Attributes
      
      2.6.4.1 Carapace
      
        The armored warrior is favored in battle, and Carapace represents an Insect's reinforced exoskeleton. A Character adds their Carapace rating as a positive modifier to any Rolls made to defend against Close range Attacks. Attacks that use Carapace take advantage of the Character's hardened surface to keep her protected in otherwise risky techniques.
      
      2.6.4.2 Flight
      
        Insects were the first animals to develop the power of Flight, and they carry it with them to this day. Flight allows Insects to move beyond the reach of others, and to reach where they otherwise mightn't. A Character receives her Flight rating as a positive modifier to any Rolls made to defend against Ranged Attacks, not including Area Attacks.
      
      2.6.4.3 Swarming
      
        Swarming Characters can summon conspecifics to aid them on her Job. These conspecifics can soak up Wounds and unleash powerful group Attacks on her enemies. However, this benefit leaves them more susceptible to Area Attacks: Characters with Swarming receive their Current Swarms as a Negative Modifier to Resist Area Attacks. Attacks that use Swarming tend to cost Swarms to achieve their effects. But it is all worth it, as the sacrifice of the few leads to the victory of the many. Or at least the Character in charge of the Swarm.
        
        _Swarms_ A Swarming Character starts with a number of Swarms equal to her Swarming rating. When a Character with Swarming takes Wounds, they can choose to lose that many Swarms instead. Once they reach zero Swarms, they take Wounds as normal. Attacks that use Swarming also reference the number of Current Swarms. A Swarming Character receives her Current Swarms as a negative modifier to her Roll to defend against Area Attacks.
      
      2.6.4.4 Venom
      
        Venom is deadly, and potent. It breaks down the minds and bodies of its victims. It can even jump start the metabolism to rush healing. Characters do not like being envenomed. Unless it heals them. But it's still a weird experience. Attacks with Venom apply various Effects, like Poisoned, Infected, or Paralysed.
      
      2.6.4.5 Web
      
        Web is a signature feature of Spiders, but they are not the only Insects that spin sticky strands of silk. Web can be used to aid in the Construction of barriers and defenses, and can also be used to trap or bind Enemies. Web-based Attacks inflict the Immobile Condition.
        
    2.6.5.0 Advanced Attributes
    
      2.6.5.1 Chill
        
        Chill represents a Character's control of endothermic reactions. By absorbing heat from their surroundings, the Character can cause a dramatic drop in temperature. This can result in Characters gaining the Brittle Effect, which weakens their defenses.
      
      2.6.5.2 Heat
      
        Heat represents a Character's control of exothermic reactions. Either by rapid vibrations or chemical reactions, the Character builds up a significant amount of Heat energy and disperses it into their unwitting foes. Attacks that use Heat often bestow the Burns Effect, which does damage over time.
      
      2.6.5.3 Hydro
      
        Hydro represents a Character's affinity for fluids, typically water. This can be used to spout high-pressure bursts of fluid, like a Nasute Termite's Fontanellar Gun Attack. This can also be used to represent a Character's ability to survive and move in water.
      
      2.6.5.4 Light
      
        Bioluminescence. The art of life making light. This Attribute can be used to negate the effects of Darkness in a Room. It can also be used to shoot high-powered lasers at your enemies, Burns or Blinding them. Nature truly is beautiful.
      
      2.6.5.5 Plant
      
        Characters with Plant have a close relationship with plants and fungus. They are more resistant to the Poisoned and Infected conditions. They can also use plants and fungus for more insidious purposes, like trapping an enemy in crushing roots.
      
      2.6.5.6 Static
      
        Zap. A terror of the bug world, given power. Bugs with Static are able to generate large electrostatic potentials and discharge them as blasts of lightning. Static can also be used to see beyond sight by sensing the electricity of life. I know it's more of an eel thing to generate electricity, but, come on. It's cool.
      
      2.6.5.7 Psycho
      
        Psycho is an enhancement of the mind. Psychokinesis, Telepathy, Mind Control, all are possible for a Psycho Insect. Insects with Psycho have stronger wills, and add Psycho as a Positive Modifier to their Resistance against Charm, Confuse, and Intimidate.
      
      2.6.5.8 Vibe
      
        Vibe is a Character's ability to generate loud, and sometimes focused, sounds. Loud enough to rupture the organs of unprepared Insects. Characters with Vibe are also more sensitive to sounds.
      
    2.6.6.0 Survival Features
    
      2.6.4.1 Inventory
      
      2.6.4.2 Hunger
      
        
    
    2.6.7.0 Attacks
    
      See SECTION for a list of available Attacks and their requirements.
      
    2.6.8.0 Effects
    
      This Section defines the rules for handling Effects. Effects are physical or mental conditions that may affect a Character during the course of a game.
      
      The Effects rules rely on the rules for Boolean Rolls in Section 3.4.2.1, and the rules for Quantification in Section 3.4.1.6.
      
      2.6.8.1 Effects Ratings
      
        Nests & Insects Characters may be subject to ten Effects, all of which are detrimental. The ten Effects are listed in the Character sheet, in the Effects box.
        
        Each Effect has a Rating. When the rating of an Effect on a Character's sheet is more than 0%, we say that the Character is "subject to" the Effect. Alternatively, we say that the Effect "applies to" the Character.
        
      2.6.8.2 Acquiring Effects
      
        Characters start with all Effects in their Character Sheet rated at 0%. A Character may acquire an Effect turing the course of the game. Characters acquire effects as a result of:
        
        * their Actions,
        
        * the Actions of enemies,
        
        * the Events that occur while they Explore the Nest.
        
        When a Character acquires an effect, we say that the Effect is "bestowed" on the Character. When an effect is bestowed on a Character, the Effect's rating may increase above 0% and the Character may become subject to the Effect.
        
      2.6.8.3 Resisting Effects
      
        ║ Name of the Minigame: ................ Combat                      ║
        ║ Participating Entities: .............. Character or enemy          ║
        ║ List of Minigame Intents: ............ Ignore Effect temporarily   ║
        ║ List of Minigame Actions: ............ Resist Effect               ║
        ║ Effort Variables: .................... Effect-specific (see below) ║
        ║ Resistance Variables: ................ Effect-specific             ║
        ║ Modifier Variables: .................. None                        ║
        ║                                                                    ║
        ║ Outcomes of the six Degrees of Success and Failure:                ║
        ║                                                                    ║
        ║ Degree of Success        Outcome                                   ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────    ║
        ║ Critical Success         Remove Effect                             ║
        ║ Complete Success         Reduce Effect 2                           ║
        ║ Partial Success          Reduce Effect 1                           ║
        ║ Partial Failure          Effect remains                            ║
        ║ Complete Failure         Effect Triggers.                          ║
        ║ Critical Failure         Increase Effect 1. Effect Triggers.       ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────    ║
        ║                                                                    ║
        ║ Effect-specific Effort variables:                                  ║
        ║                                                                    ║
        ║ Effect             Resist with                                     ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────                     ║
        ║ Bleeding           Strength                                        ║
        ║ Blind              Ken                                             ║
        ║ Brittle            Strength + Heat                                 ║
        ║ Burns              Speed + Chill                                   ║
        ║ Charmed            Passions + Psycho                               ║
        ║ Confused           Ken + Psycho                                    ║
        ║ Immobile           Strength                                        ║
        ║ Infected           Strength + Plant                                ║
        ║ Paralysed          Speed                                           ║
        ║ Poisoned           Strength + Plant                                ║
        ║ Shocked            Passions + Static                               ║
        ║ Stunned            Passions                                        ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────                     ║
      
      2.6.8.4 Checking Effects
        
        When a Character is subject to one or more Effects, those Effects must be checked during Combat, Survival & Exploration, or Travel. Each minigame determines when Effects must be "checked".
        
        When the rules of a minigame say that Effects must be checked, all Effects a Character is subject to are checked simultaneously. For each Effect, make a Boolean Roll using that Effect's Rating. On a Success, the Effect Triggers.
        
        The next Sections describe how to handle Triggered Effects.
      
      2.6.8.6 Bleeding
      
        Resist with: STR
        
        When a Bleeding Effect Triggers, the Character takes 1 Wound.
        
      2.6.8.7 Blind
      
        Resist with: KEN
        
        When a Blinded Effect Triggers, nothing happens.
        
        However, a Blinded Character receives a Negative Modifier on Rolls that require awareness of their surroundings.
        This includes Attacking, Defending, and Perception Rolls, but may also include other Rolls as the GQ sees fit.
        
      2.6.8.8 Brittle
      
        Resist with: STR + Heat
        
        When a Brittle Effect Triggers, nothing happens.
        
        However, a Brittle Character receives a penalty to both their Survival Rating and Carapace equal to their Brittle Rating.
        
      2.6.8.9 Burns
      
        Resist with: SPE + Chill
        
        When a Burns Effect Triggers, the Character takes 1 Wound and their Burns Rating decreases by 1.
        
      2.6.8.10 Charmed
      
        Resist with: PAS + Psycho
        
        When a Charmed Effect triggers, the subject Character cannot make Attacks during the current turn. They may take other Actions and Manoeuvers as normal.
        
      2.6.8.11 Confused
      
        Resist with: KEN + Psycho
        
        When a Confused Effect triggers, the subject Character is driven into a frenzy and can only take Attack and Move Actions during their turn. Targets for Attacks are selected at random. If no targets are within range, the Character Moves towards the nearest target.
        
        If the Character is not participating in Combat, Combat begins between the Confused Character and the other Characters in the Room.
        
      2.6.8.12 Immobile
      
        Resist with: STR
        
        When an Immobile Effect triggers, nothing special happens.
        
        However, an Immobile Character received a penalty to their Speed and Flight equal to their Immobile rating.
      
      2.6.8.13 Infected
      
        Resist with: STR + Plant
      
        When an Infected Effect triggers, the subject Character is bestowed a random Effect.
        
        Select an Effect at random (Roll a die). Roll the Character's Infected Rating to Set or Increase the selected Effect by the number of Successes.
        
        The bestowed Effect triggers.
        
      2.6.8.14 Paralysed
      
        Resist with: SPE
      
        When a Paralysed Effect Triggers, nothing special happens.
        
        However, a Paralysed Character can only take the Resist Action until she is no longer Paralysed.
        
      2.6.8.15 Poisoned
      
        Resist with: STR + Plant
      
        When a Poisoned Effect triggers, Roll to Increase Poisoning.
        
        A Character subject to a Poisoned Effect has a negative modifier equal to her Poisoned rating to all Actions in Combat.
        
      2.6.8.16 Shocked
      
        Resist with: PAS + Static
        
        When a Shocks Effect Triggers, nothing special happens.
        
        However, a Shocked Character suffers Shocks as a Negative Modifier when she uses Close or Ranged Attacks.
      
      2.6.8.17 Stunned
      
        Resist with: PAS
      
        When a Stunned Effect triggers, the subject Character cannot take any Actions until the next time Effects are Checked.
        
    2.6.9.0 Inventory Items
      
      Inventory Items are the Characters' Features representing Consumable resources carried by a Character and that the Character must use in order to take certain Actions, or to pay certain Costs during the Survival & Exploration, Hunting & Foraging, or Resting and Healing minigames.
      
      Players' Characters start with one Inventory Item each, determined by their Class. Characters may also find and pick up new Items during Survival & Exploration and Hunting & Foraging.
      
      Inventory Items carried by a Character are recorded on the Character's sheet, in the Inventory box.
      
      Like all Features, Inventory Items have a descriptive name and a rating that represents the amount of the relevant resource. Items also have types that describe their use, recorded in parentheses next to the Item's name. One type of Item are Food Items that can be eaten to fend off Hunger, or grant boons.
      
      2.6.9.1 Carrying Items
      
        Inventory Items are carried about the Character's Insect and kept track of in the Character's Inventory. A Character can only carry as many Items as there are entry "slots" in her Inventory. Characters' Inventories have nine Slots.
        
        Inventory Slots are blank lines with a rating field and a depleted indicator (See Section "Consuming Items", later in this Chapter.
        
      2.6.9.2 Acquiring Items
      
        Characters acquire Inventory Items in one of two ways:
        
        * All Character classes start with one Inventory Item recorded on their Character sheet. In that case, an Item's initial rating and its Types are listed on the Character sheet.
        
        * Characters may find new Inventory Items as Risks or Rewards generated during the Survival & Exploration, or Hunting & Foraging minigames. In that case, an Item's initial Rating is generated by a Quantification Roll according to the rules of the minigame.
        
        _Recording New Items_ When a new Item is acquired, add an entry for it in an empty Slot in the Character's Inventory. If the Character's Inventory is full, the item is dropped instead (no entry is made for it in the Character's Inventory).
        
      2.6.9.3 Dropping Items
        
        Items may be "dropped" from a Character's Inventory either automatically, when the Character picks up an Item and her Inventory is already full; or voluntarily, when a Player decides it.
        
        _Dropped Items_ Dropped Items are removed from a Character's Inventory and cannot be used anymore, unless they are picked up again.
        
        _Automatically Dropping Items_ When a Character tries to pick up a new Item and her Inventory is already full, the item is "dropped" instead. No entry is made for the Item in the Character's Inventory.
        
        _Voluntarily Dropping Items_ A Character is free to drop Items from her Inventory at any time.
        
        _Inert Items_ When an Inventory Item is Dropped, it is left lying on the floor of the Nest in the current Room. Characters, including the Character who dropped an Item), or Nest Denizens, may pick up dropped Items and add them to their own Inventory.
        
        _Cursed Items_ Some Items are cursed, and may not be removed from a Character's Inventory until their curse is lifted.
        
      2.6.9.4 Item Types
      
        Inventory Items can belong to one of six types. An Item's type is recorded next to its name on a Character's sheet, in square brackets. The six item types are listed in TABLE. below, along with a type symbol used to record the Item's type in a Character's Inventory, and a brief description of each type:
                
        ║ Item Type    Symbol    Description                                                        ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────    ║
        ║ Companion    [C]       A creature accompanying a Character. May be edible.                ║
        ║ Food         [F]       Used to pay a Hunger Cost. May bestow Effects, grant boons.        ║
        ║ Hint         [H]       May provide useful information.                                    ║
        ║ Light        [L]       Used to pay a Darkness Cost. May be edible.                        ║
        ║ Materials    [M]       Used to build a Shelter for Resting and Healing.                   ║
        ║ Message      [S]       Must be collected or delivered as part of a Job.                   ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────    ║

        _Recording Item Types_ To record an item's type on a Character's Sheet, write its type symbol in square brackets next to the Item's Name in the Character's Inventory.
        
        _Items with Multiple Types_ Some Items may have multiple types, the "Food" type, and one or more other types. Such Items can be used to pay a Hunger Cost and perform another function, such as paying a Darkness Cost.
        
      2.6.9.5 Changing Item Types
      
        The types of an Item may change. This happens when an Item is eaten, or when it spoils.
        
        _Eaten Items_ When a Food item is eaten, all types it has other than Food are removed from it and the Item can henceforth only be used as a Food Item. The Item's name is changed to indicate it is only Food, by appending the word "Carcass" or "Remains" to its original name.
        
        ║ ┌[Example 2]────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
        ║ │ Cody's Spider Character has a Gloworm: 45% Item in her Inventory. The Gloworm Item    │ ║
        ║ │ has types Food and Light. Spider must pay a Hunger Cost and Cody decides that she     │ ║
        ║ │ will eat some of the Gloworm to pay it. The Gloworm is now no longer a Light Item.    │ ║
        ║ │ Cody changes the Gloworm's name on Spider's Character sheet to "Gloworm Carcass" as a │ ║
        ║ │ reminder that the Gloworm is now only useable as Food.                                │ ║
        ║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ ○ Gloworm [L,F]_________________:[__45%] │  ○ Gloworm Carcass [F]___________:[__45%] │    ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────  ──────────────────────────────────────────    ║
        ║ Figure 20: Spider's Gloworm (left) and its Carcass (right) after it was eaten.            ║

        _Spoiled Items_ Food Items can become Spoiled as the result of paying a Spoilage Cost during the Survival & Exploration or Hunting & Foraging minigames. Spoiled Items are past their expiry date and cannot be Consumed without risking adverse effects. Make sure to include "Spoiled" in the item's name.
        
      2.6.9.6 Consuming Items
        
        Inventory Items are "Consumed" and may become "Exhausted" as a result of taking an Action or paying a Cost.
        
        To Consume an Inventory Item to take an Action or pay a Cost, reduce the Item's Rating by 1 or more. An Item with a Rating of zero is Exhausted.
        
        _Exhausted Items_ When an Inventory Item is Exhausted, it can no longer be Consumed to take Actions or pay Costs. Exhausted Items are not "dropped": they just disappear and cannot be picked up by other Characters.
        
      2.6.9.7.0 Food Items
        
        2.6.9.7.1 Consuming Food Items
          
          Some Food Items bestow an Effect or grant an Ability to the Consuming Character. Such Items' Effects trigger as soon as an Item is Consumed. Refer to SECTION for the rules of triggering Effects.
          
        2.6.9.7.2 Generating Food Items
        
          Nests & Insects Food Items are procedurally generated like everything else encountered during a Job.
          
          Generating a Food Item is done in two steps:
          
          1.  Generate the Food Item's Form.
          
            When a Food Item is first generated, all a Character knows of the Item is what it looks like.
            
            A Food Item's Form includes: a) the Item's colour; b) the Item's type; and c) the amount of the Item found.
            
          2.   Generate the Food Item's Function.
          
            When a Food Item is first generated, the Item is "Unknown" and a Character must examine it, or Consume it, to determine its Function.
            
            In general, to determine a Food Item's Function is to "Identify" the Food Item.
            
            When a Food Item is Identified, the following Functions are generated: a) the Item's Condition; b) its Alignment; and c) its Abilities.
            
          _Known Items_ Once a Food Item is Identified, it becomes a "Known" Item. Known Items are generated by simple randomisation. The circumstances in which Known or Unknown Food Items are described in SECTION. Unknown Food Items are generated as Risks while Known Food Items are generated as Rewards. TABLES in SECTION list the Chance to generate Food Items as Risks or Rewards during the Survival & Exploration minigame.
          
          The following Sections describe how to generate Food Items' Form and Function.
          
        2.6.9.7.3 Generating a Food Item's Form
            
          When an Item is first found, Roll to generate the Item's Form, as follows:
          
          1. Generate the Item's Colour.
          
            Roll a d6 and match the result on the Food Colour Table below.
        
          ║ d6        Food Colour     ║
          ║ ───────────────────────── ║
          ║ 1         Black           ║
          ║ 2         Blue            ║
          ║ 3         Green           ║
          ║ 4         Red             ║
          ║ 5         White           ║
          ║ 6         Yellow          ║
          ║ ───────────────────────── ║
          ║ Table 10: Food Colours    ║
          
          2. Generate the Item's Food Type
          
            Roll a d10 and match the result on the Food Type Table below.
                      

          ║ d10        Food Type    d10       Food Type    ║
          ║ ──────────────────────  ────────────────────── ║
          ║   1        Nectar         6       Aphid        ║
          ║   2        Honey          7       Cricket      ║
          ║   3        Honeydew       8       Fly          ║
          ║   4        Fungus         9       Worm         ║
          ║   5        Leaf          10       Larva        ║
          ║ ──────────────────────  ────────────────────── ║
          ║ Table 11: Food Types                           ║
            
        2.6.9.7.4 Identifying Food Items
        
          Food Items start out as Unknown Items, whose Form is known, but whose Function is not known. A Character can identify a Food Item in one of two ways:
          
          1.  Make a Boolean Roll to identify the Item's Function.
          
            The Player's Character uses Ken as the Effort for the Roll. They may instead use Foraging to Identify an herbivore Food Item, or Hunting to Identify an Insectivore Food Item.
            
            If the Roll succeeds, the GQ Rolls to generate the Item's Function. the Item becomes Known to the Character who Identified it.
            
            Otherwise, the Item remains Unknown. The Character may now only Identify the Item by Consuming it, as described below.
            
            Other Characters are free to attempt to Identify the Item using their own Rolls.
            
          2.  Consume the Item and note its Effects.
            
            If the Boolean Roll to identify a Food Item's Function fails, the Item can only be Identified by Consuming it.
            
            Obviously, Consuming the Unknown Food Item carries a risk.
            
            If a Character Consumes an Item to Identify it, generate the Item's Function as described in the following Section.
            
            Any Effects determined by a Food Item's Function trigger when the Item is Consumed.
            
            Once all Effects caused by Consuming an unknown Food Item have triggered, the Item is a Known Item.
            
            When an Item is Identified, the Identifying Character gains 1 MP.
            
        2.6.9.7.5 Generating a Food Item's Function
        
          When an Item is Identified in one of the two ways described in the previous Section, Roll to generate the Item's Function, as follows:
          
          1.  Generate the Item's Condition.
          
            Roll a d6 and match the Result on the Item Condition Table below.

          ║ d6 Result   Condition   Description                                                       ║
          ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────        ║
          ║   1-2       Cursed      Bestows a random Effect when Consumed; cannot be dropped.         ║
          ║   4-6       Blessed     Roll on the Blessings Table to determine Blessing.                ║
          ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────        ║
          ║ Table 12: Item Conditions                                                                 ║

          2. Generate the Item's Alignment and Abilities
          
            _Blessed Food_ bestows a boon upon the user. Roll a d20 and match the Result on the Blessings Table below. Blessings take effect immediately upon being consumed. This is true of both Known and Unknown Items.
            
          ║ d20 Result    Blessings                                                                   ║
          ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────    ║
          ║   1-4         Light - can be Consumed as a Light item.                                    ║
          ║   5-8         Healing - reduces Wounds for each Rating Consumed.                          ║
          ║  9-12         Relief - reduce one Effect's Rating for each Rating Consumed.               ║
          ║ 13-20         Mutation - Gain one MP for each Rating Consumed.                            ║
          ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────    ║
          ║ Table 14: Blessings                                                                       ║
          
          _Cursed Items_ When a Character Consumes a Cursed Food Item, she rolls a D12 to determine a Random Effect. She increases her rating in that Effect for each Item Rating consumed.

3.0.0.0 Minigames
    Nests & Insects is organised around four "minigames". A minigame is a set of special rules for a special game situation that Nests & Insects: Metamorphosis wants to model with more detail than its standard system. Combat is the most detailed and elaborate of Nests & Insects' minigames. The other three are Survival and Exploration; Hunting and Foraging; and Resting and Healing. Brief descriptions are listed below.
    
    * The Combat minigame defines rules for skirmishes between the players' Characters and a Nest's denizens.
    
    * The Survival and Exploration minigame defines rules for Characters to explore, and the GQ to Roll the dice to procedurally generate, a Nest.
    
    * The Hunting and foraging minigame defines rules for finding sustenance and medicinal Food Items.
    
    * The Resting & Healing minigame defines rules for healing from wounds and Effects, Consuming Food Items to reduce Hunger, and using MP to improve a Characters' Features.

  3.1.0.0 Combat
    3.1.1.0 Combat Summary
      Combat begins when the Characters and a group of enemies Attack one another. Combat is divided into Rounds, divided into Turns in which Characters and enemies participating on Combat (Combatants) get to act, and players and the GQ Roll dice to decide the outcome of Combatants' Actions.
      
      At the start of Combat, before the first Round, Combatants' starting Disposition and Initiative Order are decided, then the first Round begins and Combatants take Turns in order of their Initiative. Combatants can take actions out of Turn, for example to Suppress an enemy; support an ally; or Resist an Effect.
      
      Players decide their Characters' Actions and the GQ decides the Actions of Enemies.
      
      The Goals of Combat Actions are to:
      
      * Wound and Kill Enemies
      * Reduce enemies' effectiveness in combat
      * Cause enemies to Retreat.
      
      When a Character has as many or more Wounds as their Max Wounds rating, they are Killed. Reduced Disposition imposes negative modifiers to subsequent Actions. Once a Character or Enemy's Disposition reaches Retreating, the Combatant cannot take Actions other than fleeing from Combat.
      
      Combat ends when all Combatants on one side are either Killed or Retreating.
      
    3.1.2.0 Combat Steps
      The Combat Minigame plays out in NUMBER steps, two of which repeat until Combat ends. The NUMBER Combat Steps are summarised in the Rules Summary below, and discussed in detail in the following Sections.
      
      ║ ┌[Rules Summary 21: Combat Steps]───────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 1. Determine Combat participants (Combatants) and the Sides they fight on.            │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 2. Determine all Combatants' starting Disposition.                                    │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 3. Determine Combatants' Initiative Order.                                            │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 4. A new Combat Round begins.                                                         │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 5. A new Combat Turn begins.                                                          │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 6. The next Combatant in the Initiative Order takes a Turn.                           │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 7. Repeat from Step 5 until all Combatants have taken a Turn, or passed.              │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 8. Repeat from Step 4 until all Combatants on one side of Combat are killed, or       │ ║
      ║ │    Retreating.                                                                        │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │ 9. Combat Ends.                                                                       │ ║
      ║ │                                                                                       │ ║
      ║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║

      3.1.2.1 Determine Combatants and Sides
        Combat begins when either the Characters or Nest creatures Attack one another.
        
        All Characters in the Room where Combat is taking place make up one Side of Combat.
        
        All creatures of the same Species as the creature Attacking or Attacked by the Characters and in the same Room as that creature make up the other Side of Combat.
        
        Characters or creatures on the same Side are "Allies", and those on the opposide Side are "Enemies"
        
        All the creatures on the two Sides of Combat are Combatants for the duration of Combat.
        
        It is possible for a creature to be in the same room as Combat and not be a Combatant. These Bystanders can be recruited or incited to fight for either Side.
        
      3.1.2.2 Starting Disposition
        Before the start of the first Combat Round, each Player makes an uncontested Roll using their Character's Initiative. The GQ makes a similar Roll using Initiative for each of the enemies. Each Combatant begins at Holding Disposition, then Advances their Disposition for every two Successes in their Initiative Roll. If a Combatant Rolls 0 Successes, she Recoils 1.
        
        ║ Initiative Roll Result        Starting Disposition                                        ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────                                        ║
        ║ Success                       Advance 1 for every 2 Successes                             ║
        ║ Failure                       Recoil 1.                                                   ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────                                        ║
        ║ Table 23: Starting Disposition.                                                           ║

      3.1.2.3 Initiative Order
        Before the start of the first Combat Round, and after Starting Disposition is Determined, the GQ decides the Initiative Order for all Combatants.
        
        Combatants take Turns in order of their Initiative Ratings. The Combatant with the highest Initiative Order takes the First Turn, the one with the next highest Initiative Order takes the Second Turn, and so on.
        
        Initiative Order is determined as follows:
        
        * For Each Combatant, her Initiative Order is equal to her Initiative Rating.
        
        * If two or more Combatants are tied for Initiative Rating, the Combatant with the highest Starting Disposition takes a Turn before the other Combatants.
        
        * If two or more Combatants are still tied after the Initiative and Disposition are compared, the GQ Rolls a die to break the tie.
        
      3.1.2.4 Combat Rounds
        
        Once Initiative Order is determined, the first Round of Combat begins and Combatants take Actions in Turn, in order of Initiative.
        
        Combatants can take up to two Actions per Round:
        
        * Attack an Enemy to inflict Wounds.
        
        * Resist an Effect.
        
        * Negotiate a Manoeuver.
        
        * Support an Ally.

        * Suppress an Enemy.
        
        * Move up to her Speed.
        
        Characters can pass the chance to take one or both of her Actions and can take them in any combination, with the restriction that a Character can only make one Attack Action per round.
        
        _Movement_ If using a grid, the Character may move a number of spaces up to her Speed rating. A Character with a Flight rating can move additional spaces up to her Flight rating. If playing without a grid, assume that the Character can move to the manner of position she wants to take.
        
      3.1.2.5 Attack Action
        
        In her Turn, a Combatant can take one Attack Action targeting an enemy with either of her Attacks.
        
        To determine the outcome of an Attack, make a contested Roll using the Attack's Effort and Resistance. Characters with a nonzero Carapace rating add it as a positive modifier to their Resistance against Melee Attacks. Characters with a nonzero Flight rating add it as a Positive Modifier to their Resistance againse Ranged Attacks.
        
        Each Attack will specify what Features are used for Effort and Resistance Dice Pools. Effort is usually one of the four Core Attributes + Threat Rate (TR), and Resistance is usually one of the four Core Attributes + Survival Rate (SR). Certain Attacks may list other combinations of Attributes instead. The GQ decides if there are any Modifiers that need to apply to one or both sides.
        
        Once each the Effort and Resistance Dice Pools are established, the dice are Rolled. If the Effort Rolls more Successes than Resistance, the Attack Hits. Each Attack describes what happens when it Hits, such as how much damage the target takes. If the Resistance successes meet or exceed the Effort, the Attack misses and nothing happens. Some Attacks have penalties for a Miss.
        
        _Carapace_ If an Attack is Close Range and the target has a Carapace rating, the target's Carapace rating is a Positive Modifier to her Resistance against the Attack.
        
        _Flight_ If an Attack is Ranged and the target has a Flight rating, the target's Flight rating is a Positive Modifier to her Resistance against the Attack.
        
        _Swarming_ If a Character with Swarms is affected by an Area Attack, the target's Current Swarms is a Negative Modifier to her Resistance against the Attack.
        
        _Targeting Allies_ Some Attacks Heal or Help rather than Harm. These Attacks can target Allies, but may be more difficult when targeting more capable Allies.
        
        Attacks are listed in SECTION. Each Attack has a Name, one or more required Attribute Ratings, and Attack Details.
        
      3.1.2.6 Suppress Action
        
        A Combatant can take one of the following Suppress Actions on her turn:
        
        1. Attempt to Confuse the Enemy: Roll Ken vs. Ken to bestow a Confused Effect.
        
        2. Attempt to Charm the Enemy: Roll Passions vs. Passions to bestow a Charmed Effect.
        
        3. Attempt to Intimidate the enemy: Roll Signaling vs. Passions to shift Disposition Down.
        
        Following is the Combat Minigame Formula for the Suppress Action.
        
        ║ Name of the Minigame ................ Combat                                              ║
        ║ Participating Entities .............. Characters, Enemies                                 ║
        ║ List of Minigame Intents ............ Suppress enemy                                      ║
        ║ List of Minigame Actions ............ Confuse, Charm, Intimidate                          ║
        ║ Effort Variables .................... Action-specific (see below)                         ║
        ║ Resistance Variables ................ Action-specific                                     ║
        ║ Modifier Variables .................. Action-specific                                     ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Outcomes of the six Degrees of Success and Failure:                                       ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Degree of Success    Intimidate Outcome    Charm or Confuse Outcome                       ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────            ║
        ║ Critical Success     Target Recoils 3      Bestow Charmed / Confused: 3                   ║
        ║ Complete Success     Target Recoils 2      Bestow Charmed / Confused: 2                   ║
        ║ Partial Success      Target Recoils 1      Bestow Charmed / Confused: 1                   ║
        ║ Partial Failure      Target Holds          Bestow Confused: 1                             ║
        ║ Complete Failure     Target Advances 1     Bestow Confused: 2                             ║
        ║ Critical Failure     Target Advances 2     Bestow Confused: 3                             ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────            ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Suppress Action-specific Effort, Resistance and modifier Features:                        ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Action        Effort                    Resistance                                        ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────                            ║
        ║ Charm         Passions + Leadership     Passions + Psycho                                 ║
        ║ Confuse       Ken + Eusociology         Ken + Psycho                                      ║
        ║ Intimidate    Passions + Signaling      Passions + Psycho                                 ║
        ║ ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────                            ║

      3.1.2.7 Support Action
        A Combatant can take the following Support Actions at the start of an Ally's Turn:
        
        1. Attempt to Rally the Ally: Roll Leadership vs. Passions.
        
        2. Attempt to Focus the Confused Ally's mind: Roll Ken vs. the Ally's Confused.
        
        3. Attempt to shake the Charmed Ally out of it: Roll Passions vs. the Ally's Charmed.
        
        Following is the Combat minigame Formula for the Support Action:
        
        ║ Name of the Minigame: ................ Combat                                             ║
        ║ Participating Entities: .............. Characters, Allies                                 ║
        ║ List of Minigame Intents: ............ Support Ally                                       ║
        ║ List of Minigame Actions: ............ Rally, Encourage, Focus, Shake                     ║
        ║ Effort Variables: .................... Action-specific (listed below)                     ║
        ║ Resistance Variables: ................ Action-specific                                    ║
        ║ Modifier Variables: .................. Action-specific                                    ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Outcomes of the six Degrees of Success and Failure:                                       ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Degree of Success    Rally or Encourage Outcome    Focus or Shake Outcome                 ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── ║
        ║ Critical Success     Ally Advances 3               Remove Effect and Shift Disposition Up ║
        ║ Total Success        Ally Advances 2               Roll to Reduce Effect                  ║
        ║ Partial Success      Ally Advances 1               Reduce Effect 1                ║
        ║ Partial Failure      No Effect                     Effect remains                         ║
        ║ Total Failure        Ally Recoils 1                Effect is increased 1            ║
        ║ Critical Failure     Ally Recoils 2                Roll to Increase Effect          ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── ║                                                                                          ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Support Action-specific Effort, Resistance and modifier Features:                         ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ Action         Effort                Resistance                                      ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────                           ║
        ║ Encourage      Passions + Leadership      Passions                                        ║
        ║ Focus          Ken + Signaling         Confused                                        ║
        ║ Shake          Passions + Eusociology   Charmed                                         ║
        ║ ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────                           ║

      3.1.2.8 Resist Action
      
        A Combatant can take a Resist Action during their turn to overcome a single Effect.
        

      3.1.2.9 Manoeuver Action
        
        ManoeuverActions provide a mechanism for players' Characters and Enemies contRolled by the GQ to take improvides actions, outside of the Formulaic Actions of the Combat Minigame. For this reason, there are no special rules for ManoeuverActions and no minigame formula for them. The GQ comes up with special rules on the fly.
        
        To take a Manoeuver Action, describe the Combatant's Intent, then choose Effort and Resistance, and resolve the Action with a Qualification Roll, a Boolean Roll, or a Contested Boolean Roll. Feel free to add a Quantification Roll and bestow an Effect as a result of a Manoeuver. Any of a Combatant's Features can be used to take a Manoeuver Action. Below are some example Manoeuvers
        
        ║ * Lift an enemy off the ground and throw her behind her allies' lines: Roll Strength vs.  ║
        ║   the enemy's Strength. The enemy is moved one Hex for each Net Success.              ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ * Lift an enemy off the ground, carry her, Flight, behind her allies lines and drop her   ║
        ║   there: Roll Flight + Strength vs. the enemy's Strength. If the Roll succeeds, the enemy ║
        ║   acquires Stunned.                                                                     ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ * Direct an ally to hit an enemy where she has been previously wounded: Roll Ken +        ║
        ║   Signaling vs. Ken. If the Action succeeds, the ally ignores SR on her next Attack.      ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ * Give an enemy the old run-around: Roll Speed vs. Speed to evade an enemy taking an      ║
        ║   Attack Action targeting the Character. If the Roll Succeeds, the enemy's Turn is        ║
        ║   postponed until the end of the Round.                                                   ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ * Bash together a barrier to protect the Character and her allies: Make a Boolean Roll    ║
        ║   using Strength + Construction or Ken + Web Weaving. If the Roll succeeds, the Character ║
        ║   and one ally can take cover behind the barrier, and the next Ranged Attack targeting    ║
        ║   them has a negative modifier equal to the number of Successes on the Roll. After an     ║
        ║   Attack targets the Characters behind the barrier, the barrier is destroyed.             ║
        ║                                                                                           ║
        ║ ┌[Houseruling Manoeuvers]───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
        ║ │ Manoeuvers are an opportunity for players to use their imagination to come up with    │ ║
        ║ │ creative ways to gain an advantage in Combat, or for the GQ to use hers to create     │ ║
        ║ │ interesting and challenging situations for the players to overcome. A Character's     │ ║
        ║ │ Intent, as described by her Player, should guide the GQ to "houserule" the            │ ║
        ║ │ Character's Actions. Accordingly the GQ should not hesitate to play the Nest's        │ ║
        ║ │ guardians as more than dumb automata, who can also use their (simple) Insectoid       │ ║
        ║ │ brains to protect their home.                                                         │ ║
        ║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║

      3.1.2.10 Breaking from Combat
        
        A Combatant can Break from Combat as a Move Action once during her Turn.
                
      3.1.2.11 Consuming Food in Combat
      
        There is no Formulaic Combat Action that allows a Combatant to Consume a Food Item during Combat. War is no picnic! Combatants are also not allowed to Consume Food as a Manoeuver.
        
        If a Combatant wishes to Consume a Food Item, the Combatant must first Break from Combat.
        
      3.1.2.12 Joining Combat.
      
        A creature who is not in Combat can always Join Combat. The Creature may have Broeken from Combat previously, or she may have been hiding, or not in the same Room as her friends when Combat began. It doesn't really matter: a Creature can always join Combat.
        
        Joining Combat requires no Roll. A creature who is not a Combatant joins Combat at the start of the next Combat Round. At the start of that Round, before any Combatants' Turn, determine the new Combatant's Disposition and Initiative Order, then she takes her first Turn in Initiative Order, as normal.
        
        ║ ┌[Note 5]───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
        ║ │ A common reason for new Combatants to join Combat is when the Nest's Guardians summon │ ║
        ║ │ their conspecifics to help them repell the intruders. In that case, when the summoned │ ║
        ║ │ allies arrive, they Join Combat as described above.                                   │ ║
        ║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║

      3.1.2.13 Combat Ends
        
        When Combat ends, all Combatants cease to be Combatants and the two Sides cease to exist for rules purposes.
        
  3.2.0.0 Survival & Exploration
      
    ║ The Survival and Exploration minigame defines rules for the procedural generation of a    ║
    ║ Nest's environment. During the Survival and Exploration minigame, Characters explore the  ║
    ║ Nest, while players and the GQ Roll dice to determine what the Characters find.           ║

    ║ In Nests & Insects procedural generation is an abstraction: no floor plans or maps are    ║
    ║ generated. Instead what is generated are the Features of game entities, including the     ║
    ║ spaces inside the Nests, the creatures that roam them, and items that populate them.      ║
    Nest & Insects: Metamorphosis provides rules for the basic procedural generation of Rooms and Floor Plans.
  
    3.2.1.0 How Procedural Generation Works
    
      The core mechanic of procedural generation is Rolling on tables. The players or the GQ Roll a d10 and cross-reference the result with the rows of a table. The table lists what the Characters find and what happens to them while they Explore the Nest.
      
      ║ _Exploration Action_ Survival and Exploration starts with an Exploration Action. This     ║
      ║ Action is resolved by a full Qualification Roll and its outcome determines the types, and ║
      ║ numbers, of Events that occur as the Characters explore the Nest. There are three types   ║
      ║ of Events: Costs, Risks and Rewards. Each Exploration Action may cause up to three Events  ║
      ║ to occur. A better DoS to the Exploration Action causes more Rewards to occur while a     ║
      ║ worse one causes more Costs and Risks to occur.                                           ║
      
      _Chance of Events_ The Chance for an Event to occur can change depending on the current Nest Level. Each Event has a base number, and either adds or subtracts the current Nest Level. In this way, Events become more likely the further the Characters venture further, while some become less likely.
      
      _Rolling for Events_ Once the type and number of Events is determined, the players Roll on the relevant Event tables to find which specific events occur. For each Event to be generated, Roll a d10 and look up the result on the relevant Table. Each Event with a Chance greater than or equal to the d10 Roll is generated. Thus, multiple Events may occur as a result of a single Exploration Action.
      
      Events are listed in TABLES in SECTION. Nest Level ratings and their Quantification Dice are listed in TABLE, in SECTION.
      
    3.2.2.0 The Nest Environment
    
      A Nest is an environment that consists of multiple Nest Levels,each comprised of one or more Rooms, as well as Passages, Shortcuts, and Shafts connecting Rooms between them, and connecting a Level to other Levels.
      
      Levels, Rooms, and Shortcuts are all generated as Events during the Survival and Exploration Minigame. They are collectively known as Nest Environment Events, or Environments.
      
      In Mechanical Terms, Environments act as resources that can be spent to initiate Minigames, or to pay Costs. In particular, in order to initiate the Survival and Exploration Minigame itself, a Room must be spent. The Characters always start the game with a room on Level 0: the Entrance of the Nest.
      
      3.2.2.1 Nest Levels
      
        A Nest Level is a group of Rooms connected to each other by Passages and connected by Shafts to different Levels. Rooms in the same Level are situated at about the same distance from the ground, much like a floor in a multi-story house.
        
        In mechanical terms, Levels have a decile rating that is used for a number of aspects of the Exploration Action. The Level is also used to quantify the results of certain Events, such as Obstacles or Infection. As the Characters delve further into the Nest, the Nest Level of the Rooms they visit increases. With it, the chance for Cost and Risk Events to occur increases, and the chance for Reward Events to occur decreases. Some Jobs will specify a Level where the Job Target may be found.
        
        ║ ┌[Note 7]───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
        ║ │ Remember that the players' Characters do not visit a Nest to loot. Rather, they are   │ ║
        ║ │ hired to carry out a Job. Accordingly, Rewards they find during Exploration are not   │ ║
        ║ │ treasures and riches, rather they are things that help the Characters get their Job   │ ║
        ║ │ done.                                                                                 │ ║
        ║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║
        
      3.2.2.2 Rooms
      
        A Room is an enclosed area within a Level. In truth, eusocial Insect nests don't ordinarily have many distinct rooms and are mainly composed of tunnels. Nests & Insects takes a fantastical approach to Nest architecture, pretending that Insects have floorplans and designs of a similar (but not identical) nature to Humans. 
        
        Room Events are Rewards and are only generated when a Character takes an Exploration Action.
        
        Rooms have Features such as their Area, Height, or Darkness that require Quantification.
        
        _Passages_ A Passage is a tunnel or opening or some other kind of entryway connecting two Rooms in the same Level. Passages serve to remind the Players which Rooms are connected to each other.
        
    3.2.3.0 Event Generation
            
      ║ Costs, Risks, and Rewards are generated every time a Character takes an Exploration       ║
      ║ Action. The Qualification Roll for the Exploration Action sets the number and type of     ║
      ║ Events that occur during the Action. Then the players or the GQ Roll to generate Events   ║
      ║ of the indicated types.                                                                   ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ To generate Events, the players or the GQ make a d10 Roll and reference the result on ║
      ║ the appropriate Event tables, Tables 24-26 in the following Section.                      ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ Each Event table has a "Chance" column, listing the Chance for each Event to occur, as a  ║
      ║ decile rating. This Chance rating is compared against the d10 Roll to                     ║
      ║ generate Events. When the result of the d10 Roll is referenced on an Event table, all     ║
      ║ Events in that table with a Chance that meet or exceet the Roll are generated.            ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ If multiple entries from a table are generated by the same                                ║
      ║ d10 Roll, those Events are dealt with one-by-one, in the order in which they appear       ║
      ║ in their respective Event table, starting with the Event at the top row of the table.     ║

      ║ 3.7.4.0 Costs, Risks and Rewards                                                          ║
      ║ --------------------------------                                                          ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ Tables 24-26, below, list Events along with a brief description of each. Detailed         ║
      ║ descriptions and mechanics for each kind of Event follow in a subsequent Section.         ║

    3.2.4.0 Level Rating
      
      When an Event or a Feature of the Nest Environment needs to be Quantified, the Quantification depends on the Nest Level. An example of a Nest Environment Feature that requires Quantification is the rating of Darkness in a Room, or the rating of an Obstacle.
      
      Each Nest Level has a decile rating equal to its Level. Some Events use this number as the rating for their Features, other Events require a Roll to be made using the Level Rating and use the number of Successes to determine the rating of their Feature.
      
      _Increasing Level Ratings_ The rating of the Nest Level changes every time a Character spends a Level Reward to explore a new Nest Level. At this time, the Characters add a new Room to their Environment Pool one level higher than their current Level.
      
    3.2.5.0 The Environment Pool
    
      As described in earlier Sections, Environments can be used as resources to pay Costs, reap Rewards, or initiate a Minigame. To track the Environments generated so-far in the game, Players have a communal Environment Pool. This pool is simply a list of all the Environments generated so far, and their properties.
      ║ ┌[Tracking the Environment Pool]────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
      ║ │ Players are free to track their Environment Pool as best suits them, for example by   │ ║
      ║ │ drawing a map of Environments and their connections and contents, etc.                │ ║
      ║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ One way to track an Environment Pool is to tabulate its contents. Table 28 gives an       ║
      ║ example of such tabulation.                                                               ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ Environment Id   Spent?   Found In     Connections   Notes                                ║
      ║ ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────     ║
      ║ Entrance Room    Yes      Start        Red Room                                           ║
      ║ Red Room         Yes      Entrance     Black Room    Shelter built                        ║
      ║ Black Room       No       Red Room     Red Room                                           ║
      ║ Shortcut 1       Yes      Black Room   Level 30%     Connects Black Room to Level 30%     ║
      ║ Level 43%        Yes      Black Room                                                      ║
      ║ Passage Right    Yes      Entrance                   Connects Entrance to Red Room        ║
      ║ Passage Left     Yes      Red Room                   Connects Red Room to Black Room      ║
      ║ Passage Up       No       Red Room                                                        ║
      ║ ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────     ║
      ║ Table 28: Environment Pool                                                                ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ In Table 28, the "Environment Id" column lists a descriptive name for each generated      ║
      ║ Environment (though one that should preferrably be kept short). This name is up to the    ║
      ║ players to come up with. For example, a Room may be the "Black Fungus Room", because      ║
      ║ Black Fungus was found while Foraging in it; or a Room may be the "Sad Aphids Farm",      ║
      ║ because Aphids were found penned in the Room and they looked sad; and so on.              ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ The "Spent" column records whether an Environment has been spent: either to pay a Cost,   ║
      ║ or to reap a Reward, or to initiate a Survival and Exploration, Hunting and Foraging or   ║
      ║ Resting and Healing minigame.                                                             ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ _Going Back_ Environments can only be spent once from the Environment Pool, but           ║
      ║ Characters are free to visit them again for whatever reason, for example to try and harvest  ║
      ║ an Item found in the Room. Additionally, a Character, or an enemy, may be    ║
      ║ forced to retreat during Combat, in which case they will likely end up in a Room already  ║
      ║ visited. In such cases a Character can move back in an Environment that has already been  ║
      ║ spent, without spending it again.                                                         ║
      ║ The "Found In" column notes the Room in which an Environment was generated as the result  ║
      ║ of an Exploration Action.                                                                 ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ The "Connections" column notes the other Environments to which an Environment is          ║
      ║ connected. "Connected" means that there exists: a Passage; or a Shortcut; or a Shaft;     ║
      ║ that leads to the connected Environment.                                                  ║
      ║                                                                                           ║
      ║ The "Notes" column is for players to mark down anything they wish to remember about the   ║
      ║ Environment. In the example in Table 28 above, the players have noted that a Shelter was  ║
      ║ built into the Red Room, and the connections between Environments found so-far.           ║

    3.2.6.0  Survival & Exploration Steps
    

║ ┌[Survival and Exploration Steps]───────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 1. Begin Survival and Exploration.                                                    │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 2. Form an Exploration Party (decide which Characters go exploring).                  │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 3. Travel to an Unexplored Room. (See 3.9.0.0 Travel)                                 │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 4. Spend the Room to pay the cost of the Exploration Action.                          │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 5. Generate Features of the Room. (Size, Terrain, Darkness)                           │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 6. Battle the Darkness                                                                │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 7. Resolve the Exploration Action.                                                    │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 8. Generate Risks, then resolve in order.                                             │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 9. Generate Rewards, then resolve in order.                                           │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ │ 10. Survival and Exploration Ends.                                                    │ ║
║ │                                                                                       │ ║
║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║

    ║ 3.2.6.1 Begin Survival and Exploration                                                    ║
    ║                                                                                           ║
    ║ Survival and Exploration begins when a Player declares that her Character's Intent is to  ║
    ║ "Explore the Nest".                                                                       ║
    ║                                                                                           ║
    ║ "Explore the Nest" is the formulaic Intent of the Exploration Action (described in        ║
    ║ Section 3.7.7.4). A Player is free to express her Character's Intent to explore the Nest  ║
    ║ in her own words, as long as it's clear that the characer wants to go exploring. If       ║
    ║ that's not clear, the GQ can always ask the Player to clarify. If the Player isn't sure   ║
    ║ what her Character's Intent means in mechanical terms, the decision is made by the GQ     ║
    ║ whether to start a Survival and Exploration minigame, or not.                             ║
    ║                                                                                           ║
    ║ If more than one Player wish their Characters to explore the Nest, they can say so at     ║
    ║ this point. Otherwise they can do so in the next Step.                                    ║

║ 3.2.6.2 Form an Exploration Party                                                         ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ It's common for more than one Character to explore the Nest at a time. In particular, all ║
║ the Player Characters may go exploring together, or the players may split their           ║
║ Characters into groups that will explore the Nest separately.                             ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ A group of Characters exploring the Nest is an Exploration Party. To form an Exploration  ║
║ Party the players decide between then which Characters explore the Nest together. For     ║
║ each such group, one Exploration Party is formed.                                         ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ For each Exploration Party, a separate Survival and Exploration Action is taken.          ║
║ Nominate one Character in each Exploration Party to be the "Scout" of the Party. The      ║
║ Scout's Exploration Feature is used as the Effort for the subsequent Exploration Action.  ║

3.2.6.3 Travel to an Unexplored Room
  
  The Exploration Party must physically travel to a Room before they can Explore it. See Section 3.9.0.0 Travel.

║ 3.2.6.4 Spend the Room to take an Exploration Action                                        ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ For one or more Characters to take an Exploration Action, their players must spend a free ║
║ Room from their Environment Pool. Mark a Room as "explored" in the pool, so that it is not    ║
║ spent again later. Then resolve the Exploration Action as described in the following      ║
║ Section.                                                                                  ║

3.2.6.5 Generate Features of the Room

  If playing without maps, you may skip this step.

  In this step, the features of a Room are generated. First, the size and shape. Then, the room is filled with objects and obstacles to make for more dynamic fights.
  
  Rooms are made of Hexagons around a central Hex, in Level concentric layers. 
  
  Then, the Height of the Room must be generated. Roll Level to set the Height. Every Room has a minimum Height of 1.
  
  If the GQ wishes to make fights more challenging or interesting, she can introduce some of the following obsctructions to the Room to shake things up. Block Obstructions rise from floor to ceiling, thus blocking Ranged and Area Attacks. Pit Obstructions are as deep as the Room is Tall, and must be circumvented, or jumped or flown across.
  
  1. Single-hex Obstruction
  2. Three-Hex Line Obstruction
  3. Three-Hex Triangle Obstruction
  4. Dividing Obstruction. This Obstruction starts at one Hex on the edge of the Room and continues in a direction until it can't continue any further.
    
  __Block Obstructions__ Block Obstructions can be torn down as if they were Obstacles. See SECTION for more information.
  
  __Pit Filling__ Pit Obstructions can be covered using Resources. Make a Construction Roll plus Ken or Strength. For each Success, you may reduce your Resource Rating by one to cover up one hex of the Pit.
  
  __Ceilings and Walls__ For those feeling especially ambitious, you can use these same generation guidelines to populate the walls and even ceilings of your Rooms. Bugs can climb on walls, after all! This does significantly increase both preparation time and complexity of any encounters therein, so try and save this for more dramatic moments.  

3.2.6.6 Battle the Darkness

  The Room may start with Level Darkness. Players may Consume a Light Item to reduce the Room's Darkness. Each Rating Consumed reduces the Darkness Rating of the Room by one.
  
  Alternatively, Characters with the Light or Heat Attributes may exert themselves to use these Attributes and fight the Darkness. The Character Rolls the chosen Attribute, reducing the Darkness for each Success. The Character who rolled increases her hunger by one if she used Light, or two if she used Heat. This increase may result in the Character reaching 10 Hunger and Starving. If the Character is already Starving before this Increase, she DIES.
  
  See SECTION for more details on the effects of Darkness.

║ 3.2.6.7 Resolve the Exploration Action                                                    ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ As described in earlier Sections, the Survival and Exploration minigame is initiated when ║
║ one or more players decides that their Characters will go exploring the Nest. During the  ║
║ Survival and Exploration minigame an Exploration Action is taken by the exploring         ║
║ Character, or Characters. This Section defines the formula for the Exploration Action.    ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ _Party Scout_ When more than one Characters take part in the same Exploration Action,     ║
║ i.e. when an Exploration Party is formed, one Character is nominated as the Scout. Each
  Player in the Exploration Party takes turns being the Party Scout. Each Player must take a Turn being the Party Scout before any Player may be the Party Scout a second time.
  
  Each Room starts with Level Risk Dice. The Party Scout makes a KEN + Exploration Roll. Each Success on the Roll turns one Risk Die into one Reward Die.
  
  Risk Generation:
  d6     Risk         Description
  ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  1-3    Encounter    Meet the Nest's denizens
  4-5    Obstacle     Prevents further Exploration until removed.
    6    Infection    Bestows the Infection Effect.
  
  Reward Generation:
  d6     Reward         Description
  ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  1-3    Room           Spend a Room to Explore, Hunt, or Forage.
  4-5    Item           Find Resources or Food that can be Harvested.
    6    Level          Entrance to a new, more advanced Nest Level.

║ 3.2.6.8 Generate and face Risks                                                           ║
║                                                                                           ║
     If the Room has any Risk Dice, roll those dice and compare the results against TABLE.
   
   Risks are faced in the following Order:
   
   1. Infection
   
   2. Spoilage
   
   3. Encounter
   
   4. Obstacle
   
   __Multiple Risks__ It is possible for multiple instances of a Risk to be generated. In this case, simply resolve each one separately. For example, if two Infection Risks are faced, the Characters must Roll TWICE to resist Infection.
   
   __Multiple Encounters__ The one notable exception to this is Encounters. Encounters are all faced together, creating larger encounters than any individual Insect can be responsible for.

║ 3.2.6.9 Generate and reap Rewards                                                         ║
     If the Room has any Reward Dice, roll those dice and compare the results against TABLE.
   
   Rewards are reaped in the following Order:
   
   1. Item
   
   2. Room
   
   3. Level
   
║ 3.2.6.8 Survival and Exploration Ends                                                     ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ Once all Costs, Risks and Rewards, are generated and dealt with as described in the       ║
║ previous Sections, the Survival and Exploration minigame ends.                            ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ Nothing special happens when Survival and Exploration ends. Players are free to control   ║
║ their Characters as before.                                                               ║

3.2.7.0 Darkness

║ ┌[Effects of Darkness]──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
║ │ Darkness makes it harder to see things and to do things that require vision.          │ ║
║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║

Each Room starts with a Darkness Rating equal to Level. While a Room has a Darkness rating, it applies as a Negative Modifier to all Actions that require vision, including Exploration Rolls.

_Blind in the Dark_ If a Blind Character is affected by Darkness, only the greater of the two ratings is applied as a Negative Modifier to their Rolls.

3.2.8.0 Risk Events

║ Risk Events add a frisson of excitement to the otherwise drab and boring act of slogging  ║
║ through a Nest looking for the subject of a Job.                                          ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ The following Sections define the rules for the various Risk Events generated during the  ║
║ Survival and Exploration minigame.                                                        ║

There are five types of Risk Events:

  * Infection
  * Spoilage
  * Obstacle
  * Encounter
  
║ 3.2.8.1 Infection                                                                         ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ ┌[Effects of Infection]─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
║ │ A Character facing an Infection Risk may become Infected. If the Character is already │ ║
║ │ Infected, her Infection may get worse.                                                │ ║
║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ When an Infection Risk is faced, Roll Strength vs. Level. Characters suffer a negative modifier on the Roll equal to their current Infected Rating, if any.

  If the Character fails the Roll, they gain Infected equal to the Net Failures. The Character gains MP equal to Level.
  
  See SECTION for the rules of the Infected Effect.
  
║ ┌[Note 9]───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
║ │ The risk of Infection while exploring a Nest comes from disease-causing               │ ║
║ │ microorgranisms that inhabit the Nest. Common sources of infections are fungi and     │ ║
║ │ bacteria that live in the soil or the air of the Nest. Characters may become Infected │ ║
║ │ simply by walking into a new Room and coming into contact with the microorganisms     │ ║
║ │ living in the Room.                                                                   │ ║
║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║

  3.2.7.2 Spoilage
  
    When a Spoilage Cost is paid, the Characters' Food Items will be depleted, and may become exhausted.
    
    To pay a Spoilage Cost, a Player makes a separate Spoilage Roll for each Food Item in their Inventory. To do this, the Player Rolls the Food Item's Rating. The new Rating of the Food is the number of successes. If an Item has a Rating of 0, the Item is exhausted.
    
  3.2.8.3 Obstacle
  
    When an Obstacle Risk is faced, the Obstacle starts with an Obstruction Rating equal to the current Level. An Obstacle with a Rating of 0 is torn down.
    
    The Characters may Roll STR + Construction vs. Obstruction. If they succeed, they reduce the Obstruction Rating by the number of Net Successes. If a Character fails the Roll, they suffer 1 Wound. Each Character in the room must attempt the Construction Roll before any Character can try again. 
    
    If a Character Succeeds the Roll and reduces the Obstruction Rating to 0, the Obstacle is cleared. The Players gain MP equal to Level, and have a chance to gain Building Resources. Roll Level. One Character adds Building Resources equal to the successes.
    
    Leaving a room with an Obstacle intact means that no further Risks or Rewards are generated. The room is already spent, and cannot be re-explored.
    
  3.2.8.4 Encounter

║ ┌[Nest Encounters]──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ ║
║ │ An "Encounter" is an impromptu meeting with a Nest's denizens: its guardians, or      │ ║
║ │ their (wanted or unwanted) guests.                                                    │ ║
║ └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘ ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ When an Encounter Risk is faced, generate an Encounter according to the Encounter         ║
║ Table for the type of Nest in which the Characters are currently located.                 ║
║                                                                                           ║
║ Encounter Tables are specific to each kind of Nest. Look for Encounter Tables in the      ║
║ Sections, later in this rulebook, on Termite, Bee, and Ant nests.                         ║

    To Generate an Encounter, Roll Level d6. Then, compare the number of successes against the relevant Encounter Table to see which Encounter(s) are generated.
  
    When all enemies in the Encounter are defeated or retreated, the Encounter has been cleared. The Characters gain MP equal to Level.

  3.2.9.0 Reward Events............................................................135 ║
    Reward Events give the Characters the resources they need to complete their Job successfully.
    
    Remember that the Characters are not invading a Nest to become rich. Arthropod society does not understand the concept of "riches". They are here to prove their skills and complete a Job. Accordingly, the Reward Events generated while exploring a Nest are only designed to help the Characters complete their Job.
    
    The following Sections define the rules for the various Reward Events generated during the Survival and Exploration minigame.
              
    3.2.9.1 Item.............................................................139 ║

      When a Character reaps an Item Reward, make a Roll to determine the type of Item:
      
      d6     Item Type
      1-2    Resources
      3-4    Known Food Item
      5-6    Unknown Food Item
      
      To generate a Known Food Item, randomly determine an item that the Characters have already identified.

      To generate an Unknown Food Item, refer to SECTION.
      
      Generated Food Items have a Level equal to the Level of the Room they were found in.
      
      A Room can have each of its Items harvested Three Times before it is depleted.
      
    3.2.9.2 Room (Reward)..........................................................136 ║

      When a Character reaps a Room Reward, add a Room to the Environment Pool connected to the Current Room.
      
      __Passages__ A Character Reaping a Room Reward may instead choose to spend that Room to create a Passage to a previously Explored Room, connecting it to the Current Room.
      
║    3.2.9.4 Level (Reward).........................................................138 ║
      
      When a Character reaps a Level Reward, increase the Nest Level and add a new Room to the Environment Pool connected to the Current Room. The Characters receive 1 MP.
      
      __Multiple Levels__ If multiple Level Rewards are Reaped at the same time, only one Room is Generated, but the Nest Level is increased that many times. Characters receive 1 MP for each Level.

║   3.3.0.0 Hunting & Foraging (TBD)..................................................142 ║
    
    In Exploration & Survival the Characters determine what Food and Resources can be found where. In Hunting & Foraging, the Characters have opportunities to harvest those Items to support themselves on the way to their Job.
    
    Hunting & Foraging begins when the Characters are in a Room with one or more Food Items or Resources. Players choose which Item they would like to harvest and they Roll the appropriate Attribute for that type of Item.
    
    ║ Degree of Success  Outcome                                                   ║
    ║ ─────────────────────────────────────────                                    ║
    ║ Critical Success   Add 3 to Item Rating.                                     ║
    ║ Total Success      Add 2 to Item Rating.                                     ║
    ║ Partial Success    Add 1 to Item Rating.                                     ║
    ║ Partial Failure    Nothing Happens.                                          ║
    ║ Total Failure      Increase Hunger by 1.                                     ║
    ║ Critical Failure   Increase Hunger by 2.                                     ║
    ║ ─────────────────────────────────────────                                    ║
    ║ Table 1: Four Degrees of Success.                                            ║
   
    The above table details the outcomes of Hunting & Foraging based on the DoS of the Roll. On Successes, the Character gains more of the Item. On a Partial Failure, the Character's efforts are wasted, shown by an increase in the Hunger rating. On a Total Failure, the Character is hungry, but they have also depleted any remnants of that Item that could be found in the Room. The Item can no longer be harvested in this Room. On a Critical Failure, the Character's Hunger is increased substantially on top of the Room being depleted of the Item.
    
    _Foraging Plants_ Harvesting an Herbivore Food Item uses the Foraging Attribute. The Character Rolls (KEN or STR) + Foraging vs Level.
    
    _Hunting Prey_ Harvesting an Insectivore Food Item uses the Hunting Attribute. The Character Rolls (SPE or PAS) + Hunting vs Level.
    
    _Collecting Building Resources_ Gathering Building Resources uses the Construction Attribute. The Character Rolls (STR or KEN) + Construction vs Level.
    
║   3.4.0.0 Resting & Healing (TBD)...................................................143 ║

    In between the dangers of exploring the Nest and Encounters with its Denizens, the Characters need some well-earned time to rest, recover, and reflect on how they've grown. This is encompassed by the Resting and Healing minigame.
    
    Before the Characters can rest, they need to first make a safe space to do so. Characters will have to choose a Room that has been cleared of all Risks and Secure it using Building Resources. Once they have a safe space, the Characters can Resist their Effects, Heal from Wounds, and Spend MP. During this safe time, they may also choose to swap their known Attacks.
    
    3.4.1.0 Resting & Healing Steps
    
      The Resting & Healing minigame follows a formulaic set of steps in a given order:
      
      1. The Characters spend Building Resources to Secure a Room.
      
      2. Each Character may Consume Food to reduce her Hunger.
      
      3. Each Character who wants to Heal their Wounds must Consume additional Food, then Rolls Healing.
      
      4. Characters with the Swarms Attribute can use additional Food to call on more Swarmlings.
      
      5. Each Character has an opportunity to Resist Effects.
      
      6. Each Character has an opportunity to Spend MP to improve their Attributes.
      
      7. Characters can change their set of Known Attacks.
      
      After all steps are complete, the Resting and Healing minigame is ended. Players are free to start a new Resting & Healing action immediately, or continue on their Job.
      
    3.4.2.0 Secure a Room
    
      A Nest is a dangerous place to try and rest if you don't belong. The Characters need to Secure a Room if they want to be able to rest safely. To be able to Secure a Room, the Characters must have a combined Construction + Web rating equal to the Room's Level. Each Character contributing a Rating of Construction must Consume that many Ratings of Resources. Each Character contributing a Rating of Web must Consume that many Ratings of Food.
    
    3.4.3.0 Consume Food
    
      Each Character may choose a Food Item to Consume. Each Rating Consumed reduces her Hunger by one.
    
    3.4.4.0 Heal from Wounds
    
      The Character may Consume one Rating of a Food Item to Heal one Wound.
      
      If the Character Consumed a Food Item, the Character may roll Healing + KEN to Heal from additional Wounds. Each Success Heals one Wound.
      
      _Group Healing_ If a Character rolls more Successes than they have wounds, they can distribute their successes among other Characters who consumed Food Items.
    
    3.4.5.0 Summon Swarmlings
    
      To attract and sustain a Swarm, Food is a must. To summon more Swarmlings to her aid, a Character must Consume one Rating of a Food Item.
      
      To summon Swarmlings, the Character Rolls Swarming + Leadership or Eusociology. Each Success returns one Swarmling.
    
    3.4.6.0 Resist Effects
    
      Characters in the Resting & Healing minigame have an opportunity to Resist each Effect she suffers. See SECTION for the rules on Resisting Effects.
    
    3.4.7.0 Spend MP
    
      If a Character has any MP that they wish to spend, they may do so. To increase an Ability or Attribute costs a number of MP equal to the current rating plus one: It costs 6 MP to go from 5 to 6, but it costs 7 MP to go from 6 to 7.
      
      _Gaining New Attributes_ Characters can spend MP to gain new Attributes starting at Rating 1. Common Attributes cost 1 MP to start. Special Attributes cost 3 MP to start. Advanced Attributes cost 5 MP to start.
    
    3.4.8.0 Change Attacks
    
      A Character may decide to change their list of Known Attacks. See SECTION for a list of Attacks, their descriptions, and their Ranks. Characters can only learn Attacks for which they meet the Rank. Characters can only know 4 Attacks at a given time. 
    
  3.5.0.0 Travel
    
    Once the Characters have explored a Room, they may wish to return. Perhaps there are Items they wish to harvest, or they wish to Explore a connected Room. The journey is relatively safe, as the Characters have probably cleared most of the Risks along the way.
    The journey is not without its own costs, however. Characters have a chance to gain Hunger along the way.
    
    3.5.1.0 Steps of Travel
    
      The Travel minigame follows a short series of steps.
      
      1. Begin Travel.
      
      2. Choose Destination Room.
      
      3. Form Traveling Party.
      
      4. Determine Risks faced along the route.
      
      5. Arrive at Destination.
      
      6. Roll for Hunger.
      
      7. Check Effects.
      
      8. End of Travel.
      
      The following Sections describe these steps in more detail.
      
    3.5.2.0 Begin Travel
      
      The Travel minigame begins when a Player expresses an intent to leave the current Room without starting Survival & Exploration.
      
    3.5.3.0 Choose Destination
    
      The Character who initiated Travel declares which Room in the Environment Pool they would like to set as their destination.
      
    3.5.4.0 Form Traveling Party
    
      An Traveling Party consists of all Characters in the same Room who want to commence Travel to the same destination.
      
    3.5.5.0 Risks Along the Route
    
      Sometimes the Characters will leave a Room without dealing decisively with the Risks they faced there. The two major examples of this are hostile Encounters that were fled or avoided, and the Infection Risk.
      
      For each Room along the Route with an unfinished Encounter, the Characters will have to deal with that Encounter again before they can pass through that Room.
      
      For each Room along the Route with an Infection Risk, the Characters will have to face the Infection Risk again as they pass through that Room.
      
    3.5.6.0 Arrive at Destination
    
      The Characters arrive at their destination, and the strain of their journey takes its toll on them. They realize how Hungry they have gotten, and their Effects may trigger.
      
      3.5.6.1 Roll for Hunger
        
        The GQ makes a Roll to increase the Hunger for the Traveling Party. The dice pool is equal to the number of Rooms traversed during the Travel.
        
        Any Character may Consume a Food at this time to reduce her Hunger.
        
        If a Character's Hunger is not reduced by Consuming Food:
        
          * If a Character is Starving, she dies of starvation.
        
          * If a Character is not Starving and the Roll would bring her to Hunger 10 or more, she is at Hunger 10 and she is Starving.
          
      3.5.6.2 Check Effects
      
        Each Character Rolls to check her Effects. See 2.6.8.4 for the rules of checking Effects.
        
    3.5.7.0 End Travel
    
      Once the Traveling Party has arrived and has paid the costs of Travel, the minigame is over. Characters are free to take other Actions and initiate other minigames.
      
║                                                                                           ║
║ 4.0.0.0 Setting (TBD).................................................................144 ║
  
  The Meadows
  
  Benevolent Bee Queendom
    Hive resides in the Tree of Bee, an old and sacred Plum Tree that stands tall in the center of the meadows.
    Ruled by Beeavalon, Queen of the Honeybees.
    The hive is constructed by the Honeybees, who claim dominion over the meadows.
    Within the Hive and the Tree, many species of Bee live together in harmony, sharing in the bounty of the Meadows.
      Honey Bees
        Honey traps.
      Bumble Bees
        Something with pollen. Probably healing.
      Fireglass Bees
        Swarming Heat
      Stormshore Bees
        Swarming Shock
  
  The warring Colonies of distant Ant Empires
    Extractionist.
    Territorial.
    Respect the rules of engagement set forth by the Queen Bee:
      The Ants can live, excavate, and forage in the Meadows
      The Ants can war against other Ants
      The Ants can enforce their territory against outsiders, but must provide warning before attacking.
      The Ants shall not harm the Flowers or the Tree of Bee.
      When attacking, must announce one day in advance to allow evacuation.
    Colonies:
      Carpenter Ants in various logs and stumps across the Meadows.
      Winter Ants (Ants with Chill)
      Fire Ants (Ants with Heat), don't give a damn about Queen Beeavalon's conditions. They keep pushing the limits of what they can get away with.
  
  Invasive Hornet Hordes
    Wherever a nest pops up, destruction lies in its wake.
    Plants die off from overharvesting of nectar.
    Insects are captured and killed to feed the young.
  
  Mastercraft Termite Cathedrals
    Towering structures
    A quest to bring the earth up to the heavens.
    The Alates have ambitions to become greater then the Queen Bee, but do not challenge her outright.
  
  Brutal Beetle Arenas
    The Beetles of the Arenas grow up in a fight for resources and survival.
    The greatest and grandest of Beetles, the Titans, rule unchallenged, for none can stand against them.
    The Beetle Titans represent the largest and the strongest bugs in the Meadows.
    Their influence keeps the Arenas from having to worry about the Ant Colonies
  
  Serene and Surreal Spider Communes
    Just as their webs trap bugs, even mid-flight, so too do their minds trap ideas to contemplate and consider.
    The Termites use their glorious labors to boast their place in the world.
    Spiders contemplate the place OF the world.
    Insects who enter may achieve enlightenment... if they survive to leave.
  
  Secretive Scorpion Burrows
    The Scorpions are spoken of in hushed whispers throughout the meadows.
    They are spectacular and efficient ambush hunters.
    They move through the meadows, not staying in one place for long.
    That means they could show up anywhere.
  
  Wandering Migrations
    Moths & Butterflies
    Dragonflies
    Grasshoppers and Locusts
    
  The Florest
  
  The Berrydells
    Blueberries
    Mulberries
    Cranberries
    Raspberries
    Strawberries
    Huckleberries
    Elderberries
    Serviceberries
    Ground-cherries
    
  The Vast Blue
  
  The Thicket
    
║   4.1.0.0 Clients and Jobs (TBD)......................................................145 ║
║   4.2.0.0 Environment (TBD)...........................................................146 ║
║     4.2.1.0 Nests (TBD)...............................................................146 ║
    4.2.1.1 Ant Colonies
    4.2.1.2 Bee Hives
    4.2.1.3 Beetle Arenas
    4.2.1.4 Spider Communes
    4.2.1.5 Scorpion Burrows
║       4.2.1.6 Termite Nests...........................................................147 ║
    4.2.1.7 Wasp Nests
║   4.3.0.0 Enemies (TBD)...............................................................148 ║
║   4.4.0.0 Ants (TBD)..................................................................149 ║
  Carpenter Ants
    Encounter Table
    Carpenter Worker
    Carpenter Soldier
    Carpenter Drone
    Carpenter Queen
    Carpenter Empress
  Fire Ants
    Encounter Table
    Fire Ant Worker
      Low Heat
      Low Venom
      Medium Strength
      Medium Ken
      Medium Swarming
    Fire Ant Soldier
      Low Heat
      Medium Venom
      High Strength
      Medium Swarming
    Fire Ant Drone
      Low Venom
      low Heat
      low Swarming
      Medium Flight
    Fire Ant Queen
      Medium Venom
      Medium Heat
      High Swarming
    Fire Ant Empress
      High Heat
      High Venom
      High Swarming
      Medium Flight
  Winter Ants
    Encounter Table
    Winter Ant Worker
      Low Chill
      Low Hydro
      Low Swarming
    Winter Ant Soldier
      Low Chill
      Medium Hydro
      Medium Swarming
    Winter Ant Drone
      Medium Chill
      Low Hydro
      High Flight
      Medium Swarming
    Winter Ant Queen
      Medium Chill
      Medium Hydro
      High Swarming
    Winter Ant Empress
      High Chill
      High Hydro
      High Swarming
      Medium Flight
║   4.5.0.0 Bees (TBD)..................................................................150 ║
  Encounter Table
  Honey Bees
    Honey Bee Worker
      High Construction
      Medium Plant
      Low Flight
      Low Swarming
    Honey Bee Soldier
      Medium Construction
      Medium Plant
      Medium Flight
      Medium Swarming
    Honey Bee Princess
      Medium Plant
      High Flight
      High Swarming
    Honey Bee Queen
      High Plant
      Medium Flight
      High Swarming
    Queen Beeavalon
      High Plant
      High Flight
      High Swarming
  Bumble Bees
    Bumble Worker
      Low Plant
      Medium Healing
      Low Flight
      Low Swarming
    Bumble Soldier
      Medium Plant
      Medium Healing
      Low Flight
      Medium Swarming
    Bumble Princess
      Medium Plant
      High Healing
      Medium Flight
    Bumble Queen
      High Plant
      High Healing
      Low Flight
  Fireglass Bees
    Fireglass Worker
      Low Heat
      Low Swarming
      Low Flight
    Fireglass Soldier
      Medium Heat
      Medium Swarming
      Medium Flight
    Fireglass Princess
      Medium Heat
      High Swarming
      High Flight
    Fireglass Queen
      High Heat
      High Swarming
      Low Flight
  Stormshore Bees
    Stormshore Worker
      Low Shocks
      Medium Flight
      Low Swarming
    Stormshore Soldier
      Medium Shocks
      High Flight
      Medium Swarming
    Stormshore Princess
      Medium Shocks
      High Flight
      High Swarming
    Stormshore Queen
      High Shocks
      Low Flight
      High Swarming
  4.6.0.0 Beetles (TBD)
    Bark Beetles
      High Chill
      Medium Spe
      Medium STR
      Low Flight
    Bark Titan
      High Chill
      Medium Spe
      High STR
      Medium Flight
    Hercules Beetle
      High STR
      High Carapace
      Medium Flight
      Medium Spe
    Hercules Titan
      High STR
      High Carapace
      High Flight
      High Spe
    Ladybug
      High speed
      Medium Strength
      Medium Carapace
      Medium Flight
    Ladybug Titan
      High Speed
      High Strength
      Medium Carapace
      High Flight
    Rhinoceros Beetle
      Low Spe
      High STR
      Medium Carapace
      Low Flight
    Rhinoceros Titan
      Medium Spe
      High STR
      High Carapace
      High Flight
    Scarab
      High Construction
      Medium Spe
      Medium STR
      Medium Flight
    Scarab Titan
      High Construction
      High Spe
      High STR
      Medium Flight
    Titan Beetle
      High STR
      Medium Carapace
      Medium Flight
      Medium Spe
    Titan of all Titans
      High STR
      High Carapace
      High Flight
      High Spe
  4.7.0.0  Scorpions
  4.8.0.0 Spiders
║   4.7.0.0 Termites....................................................................151 ║
    Encounter Table
║     4.6.1.0 Worker Termite............................................................152 ║
║     4.6.2.0 Minor Termite Soldier - Autothyte.........................................153 ║
║     4.6.3.0 Major Termite Soldier - Autothyte.........................................155 ║
║     4.6.4.0 Nasute Soldier............................................................156 ║
║     4.6.5.0 Alates - King (TBD).......................................................158 ║
║     4.6.6.0 Alates - Queen (TBD)......................................................159 ║
  4.10.0.0 Wasps

5.0.0.0 Attacks

  In Combat, Attacking is the main way to inflict Wounds upon Enemy Insects. Each Insect can know up to four attacks at once, and can only choose Attacks for which she Qualifies, which is to say that she meets its Requirements.
  
  This section describes a number of pre-made Attacks for the game. The Game Queen is free to work with her players to create new attacks if she wishes.

  5.1.0.0 Reading Attacks

    Attacks have four Attributes: Name, Range, Requirements, and Description. The following sections speak about these 
    
    5.1.1.0 Attack Names
      
      Each Attack has a name that is used to distinguish it from other attacks. The name is usually no longer than two words.
      
      When coming up with your own Attacks, do not forget to name them.
    
    5.1.2.0 Attack Ranges
      
      
    
    5.1.3.0 Attack Requirements
    
    5.1.4.0 Attack Description Glossary
      
      *Adjacent: The Insect or Hex is touching the Hex of interest, typically the Attacker or a chosen Hex.
    
      * Gains X for each Net Success: Represents an amount of Wounds or some Effect that is bestowed upon an Insect. This phrase may have more than one component, such as "gains Wounds and Immobile for each Net Success". In this case, all of the listed components are bestowed in the same amount.
        
      * Pushed X: The Insect is forcibly moved against its will X Hexes. If unspecified, the direction is directly away from the Attacker. It may be specified as directly away from a chosen Hex ("Pushed X from chosen Hex"), a direction of your choice ("Pushed X in any direction"), or directly towards the Attacker ("Pushed X towards you")
    
      * Within X Hexes: X represents a set number, or a Rating. A Hex is within X Hexes if it takes no more than X Hex-steps to move to that Hex.
    
  5.2.0.0 Lists of Attacks by Attribute
    5.2.1.0 Core Attributes
      5.2.1.1 Speed Attacks
        Armored Charge
        Requirements: SPE 4, Carapace 4
        
        Hit and Run
        Requirements: SPE 5
        
        Rhinoceros Gore
        Requirements: SPE 6, STR 6
        
        Slicer
        Requirements: SPE 7
        
        Speedy Strike
        Requirements: SPE 3
        
      5.2.1.2 Strength Attacks
        Ground Slam
        Requirements: STR 4, Flight 4
        
        Hercules Toss
        Requirements: STR 7
        
        Mandible Crush
        Requirements: STR 5
        
        Rhinoceros Gore
        Requirements: SPE 6, STR 6
        
        Strong Strike
        Requirements: STR 3
        
      5.2.1.3 Ken Attacks
        Assuréd Strike
        Requirements: KEN 7
      
        Kennéd Strike
        Requirements: KEN 3
        
        Plannéd Strike
        Requirements: KEN 5
        
        Willéd Strike
        Requirements: KEN 6, Psycho 6
        
      5.2.1.4 Passions Attacks
        Bolster
        Requirements: PAS 6, Leadership 6
        
        Fury
        Requirements: PAS 5
        
        Overwhelm
        Requirements: PAS 6, Swarming 6
        
        Passion
        Requirements: PAS 3
        
        Rout
        Requirements: PAS 6, Signaling 6
        
    5.2.2.0 Special Attributes
      5.2.2.1 Carapace Attacks
        Armor Bash
        Requirements: Carapace 3
        
        Armored Charge
        Requirements: SPE 4, Carapace 4
        
        Armored Spikes
        Requirements: Carapace 5
        
        Chitin Catapult
        Requirements: Carapace 7
        
        Envenomed Spikes
        Requirements: Carapace 6, Venom 6
        
        Reinforced Silk
        Requirements: Carapace 6, Web 6
        
      5.2.2.2 Flight Attacks
        Flythrough
        Requirements: Flight 3
      
        Ground Slam
        Requirements: STR 6, Flight 6
        
        Gust
        Requirements: Flight 5
        
        Twister
        Requirements: Flight 7
        
      5.2.2.3 Swarming Attacks
        Autothysis
        Requirements: Swarming 5
        
        Hot-othysis
        Requirements: Heat 6, Swarming 6
        
        Overwhelm
        Requirements: Swarming 6, Passions 6
        
        Swarming Call
        Requirements: Swarming 3
        
      5.2.2.4 Venom Attacks
        Corrosive Sacrifice
        Requirements: Swarming 5, Venom 5
        
        Envenomed Spikes
        Requirements: Carapace 6, Venom 6
        
        Healing Dose
        Requirements: Healing 3, Venom 3
        
        Inflict Stillness
        Requirements: Venom 5
        
        Venom Sting
        Requirements: Venom 3
        
      5.2.2.5 Web Attacks
        
        Bandage
        Requirements: Web 6, Healing 6
        
        Flaming Webs
        Requirements: Heat 6, Web 6
        
        Reinforced Silk
        Requirements: Carapace 6, Web 6
        
        Sap Trap
        Requirements: Plant 6, Web 6
        
        Web Assault
        Requirements: Web 5
        
        Web Shot
        Requirements: Web 3
        
    5.2.3.0 Advanced Attributes
      5.2.3.1 Chill Attacks
        Chilling Blast
        Requirements: Chill 5
        
        Chilling Blow
        Requirements: Chill 3
        
      5.2.3.2 Heat Attacks
        Burning Blaze
        Requirements: Heat 5
        
        Burning Blow
        Requirements: Heat 3
        
        Flaming Webs
        Requirements: Heat 6, Web 6
        
        Searing Shine
        Requirements: Heat 6, Light 6
        
      5.2.3.3 Hydro Attacks
        Fontanellar Bomb
        Requirements: Hydro 5
      
        Fontanellar Gun
        Requirements: Hydro 3
        
        Fontanellar Vortex
        Requirements: Hydro 7
        
      5.2.3.4 Light Attacks
        Bright Beam
        Requirements: Light 5
        
        Point-Blank Flare
        Requirements: Light 3
        
        Searing Shine
        Requirements: Heat 6, Light 6
        
      5.2.3.5 Plant Attacks
        
        Fungal Bungle
        Requirements: Plant 3
        
        Sap Trap
        Requirements: Plant 6, Web 6
        
        Vine Entwine
        Requirements: Plant 5
        
      5.2.3.6 Static Attacks
      
        Line of Lightning
        Requirements: Static 7
        
        Polar Discharge
        Requirements: Static 5
        
        Static Crunch
        Requirements: Static 3
        
      5.2.3.7 Psycho Attacks
        Psychic Mandibles
        Requirements: Psycho 3
                
        Willéd Strike
        Requirements: KEN 6, Psycho 6

      5.2.3.8 Vibe Attacks
        Vibral Assault
        Requirements: Vibe 3
      
  5.3.0.0 Attack Descriptions
    
    Armor Bash
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Carapace 3
    Roll Carapace + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. For each Net Success, the target gains Wounds and an adjacent Ally gains a positive modifier to her next Attack Resistance Roll.
    
    Armored Charge
    Range: Area
    Requirements: SPE 4, Carapace 4
    Move in a line of Hexes up to your SPE. Roll SPE + Carapace + TR. Each Insect in that line must roll SPE + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds and is Pushed 1 for each Net Success.
    
    Armored Spikes
    Range: Special
    Requirements: Carapace 5
    The next time you are Missed by a Close Attack before your next turn, the Attacker gains Wounds and Bleeding for each Net Failure
    
    Assuréd Strike
    Range: Close
    Requirements: KEN 7
    Roll KEN + TR vs. KEN against an adjacent Insect, ignoring Carapace. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Autothysis
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Swarming 5
    Spend one Swarms and Roll Swarming + TR and choose a Hex within Swarming Hexes. Each Insect within one Hex rolls SPE + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds and Immobile for each Net Success.
    
    Bandage
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Web 6, Healing 6
    Roll Webs vs. Carapace + SR against an adjacent Ally. For each Net Success, target heals Wounds and reduces Bleeding.
    
    Bolster
    Range: Close
    Requirements: PAS 6, Leadership 6
    Roll PAS + TR vs. PAS + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success. Roll PAS + Leadership. Each Ally within Leadership Hexes Rolls as if Resisting a Rally Action, then Advances appropriately.
    
    Bright Beam
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Light 5
    Roll Light + TR vs. PAS + SR against an Insect within twice Light Hexes. The target gains Wounds and Blind for each Net Success.
    
    Burning Blaze
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Heat 5
    Roll Heat + TR. Each Insect within Successes Hexes Rolls SPE + TR to Resist, then gains Wounds and Burns for each Net Success.
    
    Burning Blow
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Heat 3
    Roll Heat + TR vs. SPE + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Burns for each Net Success.
    
    Chilling Blast
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Chill 5
    Choose a Hex within Chill Hexes. Roll Chill + TR. Each Insect within one Hex rolls STR + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds and Brittle for each Net Success.
    
    Chilling Blow
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Chill 3
    Roll Chill + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Brittle for each Net Success.
    
    Chitin Catapult
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Carapace 7
    Roll Carapace + TR vs. SPE + SR against an Insect within Carapace Hexes. The target gains Wounds and Brittle for each Net Success. You gain Brittle 2.
    
    Corrosive Sacrifice
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Swarming 6, Venom 6
    Spend two Swarms and Roll Swarming + Venom + TR and choose a Hex within Swarming Hexes. Each Insect within one Hex rolls SPE + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds, Immobile, and Brittle for each Net Success.
    
    Envenomed Spikes
    Range: Special
    Requirements: Carapace 6, Venom 6
    Add Venom as a positive modifier to your next Resistance Roll against a Close Attack before your next turn. If the Attack Misses, the Attacker gains Wounds and Poisoned for each Net Failure.
    
    Flaming Webs
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Heat 6, Web 6
    Choose a Hex within Web Hexes and Roll Heat + Web + TR. Each Insect within Successes Hexes Rolls SPE + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds, Burns, and Immobile equal to the Net Successes.
    
    Flythrough
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Flight 3
    Roll Flight + TR vs. STR + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success. Move Flight Hexes.
    
    Fontanellar Bomb
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Hydro 5
    Roll Hydro + TR and choose a Hex within Hydro Hexes. Each Insect within Successes Hexes Rolls STR + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds, Reduces Burns, and is Pushed 1 from chosen Hex for each Net Success.
    
    Fontanellar Gun
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Hydro 3
    Choose an Insect within Hydro Hexes. Roll Hydro + TR vs. SPE + SR. The target gains Wounds, Reduces Burns, and is Pushed 1 for each Net Success.
    
    Fontanellar Vortex
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Hydro 7
    Roll Hydro + TR. Each Insect of your choice within Hydro Hexes Rolls Spe + SR to Resist, then gains wounds, Reduces Burns, and is Pushed 1 for each Net Success.
    
    Fungal Bungle
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Plant 3
    Roll Plant + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Infected for each Net Success.
    
    Fury
    Range: Close
    Requirements: PAS 5
    Roll PAS + TR + Current Wounds vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success. On a Success, Advance 1.
    
    Ground Slam
    Range: Area
    Requirements: STR 4, Flight 4
    Fly Flight Hexes and land on the ground beneath. Roll STR + Flight. Each Insect within Succeses Hexes must roll SPE + SR to Resist, gaining Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Gust
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Flight 5
    Roll Flight + TR. Each Insect in a line within Flight Hexes Rolls STR + TR to Resist, then gains Wounds and is Pushed 1 for each Net Success.
    
    Healing Dose
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Healing 3, Venom 3
    Roll Venom + Healing + TR vs. PAS + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target heals Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Hercules Toss
    Range: Close
    Requirements: STR 7
    Roll STR + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and is Pushed 1 in any direction for each Net Success. If the Insect collides with another Insect or an Obstacle before it stops moving, the Insect(s) gain Wounds equal to the remaining Hexes.
    
    Hit and Run
    Range: Close
    Requirements: SPE 5
    Roll SPE + TR vs. SPE + TR against an adjacent Insect. For each Net Success, the target gains Wounds and you may move that many Hexes.
    
    Hot-othysis
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Heat 6, Swarming 6
    Spend two Swarms and Roll Swarming + TR and choose a Hex within Swarming Hexes. Each Insect in or adjacent the chosen Hex rolls SPE + SR to Resist, gaining Wounds and Burns for each Net Success.
    
    Inflict Stillness
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Venom 5
    Roll Venom + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Paralysed for each Net Success.
    
    Kennéd Strike
    Range: Close
    Requirements: KEN 3
    Roll KEN + TR vs. KEN + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Line of Lightning
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Static 7
    Choose two Insects within Static Hexes and Roll Static + TR. Chosen Insects and each Insect in a line between them Rolls PAS + TR, then gains Wounds and Shocks for each Net Success.
    
    Mandible Crush
    Range: Close
    Requires: Strength 5
    Roll STR + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Immobile for each Net Success.
    
    Overwhelm
    Range: Area
    Requirement: PAS 7, Swarming 7
    Spend two Swarms and Roll PAS + Swarming + TR and choose a Hex within Swarming Hexes. Each Insect in or adjacent the chosen Hex rolls PAS + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds and Recoils for each Net Success.
    
    Passion
    Range: Close
    Requirements: PAS 3
    Roll PAS + TR vs. PAS + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Plannéd Strike
    Range: Close
    Requirements: KEN 5
    Roll KEN + TR vs. KEN + SR against an adjacent Insect, ignoring Carapace. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Point-Blank Flare
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Light 3
    Roll Light + TR vs. PAS + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Blind for each Net Success.
    
    Polar Discharge
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Static 5
    Roll Static + TR vs. PAS + TR against two Insects within Static Hexes. Each target gains Wounds and Shocks for each Net Success.
    
    Psychic Mandibles
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Psycho 3
    Roll Psycho + TR vs. KEN + SR against an Insect within Psycho Hexes. The target gains Wounds and Confused for each Net Success.
    
    Rhinoceros Gore
    Range: Close
    Requirements: SPE 6, STR 6
    Move in a line of Hexes up to your SPE. Roll SPE + STR + TR. Each Insect in that line Rolls SPE + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds and Bleeding for each Net Success.
    
    Reinforced Silk
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Carapace 6, Web 6
    Roll Carapace + Web + TR. Each Insect within Web Hexes Rolls SPE + SR to Resist. Enemies gain Wounds and Immobile for each Net Success. Allies Reduce Bleeding and gain a positive modifier to their next Attack Resistance for each Net Success.
    
    Rout
    Range: Close
    Requirements: PAS 6, Signaling 6
    Roll PAS + TR vs. PAS + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success. Roll PAS + Signaling. Each Enemy within Signaling Hexes Rolls as if Resisting an Intimidate Action, then Recoils appropriately.
    
    Sap Trap
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Plant 6, Web 6
    Roll Plant + Web + TR. Each Insect within Successes Hexes STR + TR to Resist, then gains Wounds, Immobile, and Infected for each Net Success.
    
    Searing Shine
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Heat 6, Light 6
    Roll Heat + Light + TR vs. PAS + SR against an Insect within twice Light Hexes. The target gains Wounds, Blind, and Burns for each Net Success.
    
    Slicer
    Range: Close
    Requirements: SPE 5
    Roll SPE + TR vs. SPE + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Bleeding for each Net Success.
    
    Speedy Strike
    Range: Close
    Requirements: SPE 3
    Roll SPE + TR vs. SPE + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Static Crunch
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Static 3
    Roll Static + TR vs. PAS + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Shocks for each Net Success.
    
    Strong Strike
    Range: Close
    Requirements: STR 3
    Roll STR + TR vs. STR + TR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds for each Net Success.
    
    Swarming Call
    Range: Special
    Requirements: Swarming 3
    Roll Swarming. On Partial/Total/Critical Success, regain 1/2/3 Swarms.
    
    Twister
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Flight 7
    Choose a Hex within Flight Hexes. Roll Flight + TR. Each Insect within Flight Hexes Rolls STR + TR to Resist, then gains Wounds and is pushed 1 for each Net Success.
    
    Venom Sting
    Range: Close
    Requirements: Venom 3
    Roll Venom + TR vs. STR + SR against an adjacent Insect. The target gains Wounds and Poisoned for each Net Success.
    
    Vibral Assault
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Vibe 3
    Roll Vibe + TR vs. PAS + SR against an Insect within Vibe Hexes. The target gains Wounds and Stunned for each Net Success.
    
    Vine Entwine
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Plant 5
    Roll Plant + TR vs. STR + SR against an Insect within Plant Hexes. The target gains Wounds and is Pushed 1 towards you for each Net Success.
    
    Web Assault
    Range: Area
    Requirements: Web 5
    Roll Web + TR and choose a Hex within Web Hexes. Each Insect within Successes Hexes Rolls SPE + SR to Resist. Enemies gain Wounds and Immobile for each Net Success. Allies reduce Bleeding for each Net Success.
    
    Web Shot
    Range: Ranged
    Requirements: Web 3
    Roll Web + TR vs. SPE + SR against an Insect within Web Hexes. If an enemy, target gains Wounds and Immobile for each Net Success. If an ally, target reduces Bleeding for each Net Success.
            
    Willéd Strike
    Range: Area
    Requirements: KEN 6, Psycho 6
    Roll KEN + Psycho + TR. Each Enemy within Psycho Hexes Rolls KEN + SR to Resist, then gains Wounds and Charmed for each Net Success.